This article presents Type-2 fuzzy logic controller designs. A Type-2 fuzzy Logic Controller is developed from a Type-1 fuzzy logic controller. Type-1 fuzzy logic controller design for control speed of the engine. The main topic of this step is Type-1 fuzzy logic controller is adjusted by using the Bee Colony Optimization algorithm for the best speed response, by tuning fuzzy membership functions. The matter of the article is the development of the approach with a Type-1 fuzzy logic controller to find the best fuzzy parameter values by the Beet Colony Optimization algorithm and developed Type-1 fuzzy logic controller to Type-2 fuzzy logic controller. Bee Colony Optimization algorithm specifically for tuning the membership functions of the Type-1 fuzzy logic controller for trajectory tracking in an engine speed control. The Integral Time Absolute Error is a performance index to measure controller behavior. Addition disturbance in the model with the pulse speed command for each Fuzzy Logic System. Simulate result represents the Type-2 Fuzzy logic controller is better than the Type-1 Fuzzy logic controller with uncertainty and that the Type-2 Fuzzy logic controller shows better speed response than the Type-1 Fuzzy Logic System Controller.
In this paper, we discuss the possibility to develop fuzzy partial logics in which some formulas may have undefined truth values. The main idea is to consider semantics of these logics formed by algebras of truth values extended by a special value "*". This value may have several interpretations, such as "undefined", "meaningless", "non-applicable", etc. This approach requires extension of the original connectives to new ones that behave as the original ones if all of their arguments are defined. We also present a general method of defining the new connectives and outline axioms and deduction rules for these logics.
Selecting a suitable lighting level for reading is crucial to the overall success of reading comprehension. The light level preferences vary amongst the various users specifically according to changing environment conditions. Hence, there is a need to employ intelligent decision making systems which can consider the various preferences and criteria in order to achieve the convenience of the various readers. In this paper, we propose a Fuzzy Logic-Multi Criteria Group Decision Making (FL-MCGDM) system which provides a comprehensive valuation from a group of decision makers. The decision making system was developed based on the aggregation of users' opinion on preferred lighting levels while reading. The proposed FL-MCGDM system employs an interval type-2 fuzzy logic and hesitation (from Intuitionistic Fuzzy Sets (IFSs)) index. We have carried out various experiments in the intelligent apartment (iSpace) located in the University of Essex. It was found that the Footprint of Uncertainty (FOU) (of interval type 2 fuzzy sets) and hesitation index of intuitionistic fuzzy sets (IFSs) are able to provide a measure of the uncertainties present among the various decision makers in the proposed FL-MCGDM system. The extended (Type-2-IFS) membership function in the FL-MCGDM system is more inline/agreement with the users' decision compared to type-1 membership function and interval type-2 membership function.
Indonesia is one of the developing countries that are vulnerable due to various natural disasters, especially flooding is a form of natural phenomenon that occurs due to high rainfall intensity where there is excess water that is not accommodated by the water channel network in an area. Therefore, an early warning system is needed using the fuzzy logic control method as a decision maker to cope with disasters so that the anticipation of residents in dealing with disasters will increase. From the results of research conducted on the HCSR04 sensor for water level readings with an average percent error of ±0.50%, the Rain gauge sensor for rainfall readings with an average percent error of ±0.73%, and the Turbidity sensor with an average - Average percent error is ±12.2%. In testing this tool using parameters when the water level is 0–40 cm, the rainfall intensity is 0-100mm and the water turbidity reads 0–200 NTU it will display safe conditions. When the water level is 41–80 cm, the rainfall intensity is 101-300mm and the water turbidity reads 201–467 NTU, it will display an alert condition and give a warning with the siren on three times and also display a notification on the blynk application. And when the water level is 81–100 cm, the rainfall intensity is 301-500mm and the turbidity of the water reads 468–700 NTU, it will display a dangerous condition and give a warning with the siren on continuously and also display a notification on the blynk application.
Medical diagnosis is basically a pattern classification phenomena: based on some input provided by a patient, an expert gives a conclusion on the basis of its knowledge, which is normally stored in a binary form, and finally the result is calculated i.e. either the patient suffering from a certain disease or not. There are a number of properties in fuzzy set theory has a number of facilities that make it suitable for medical diagnosis. The results and findings from the study had shown that the technique of fuzzy logic can contribute a reliable result in order to notify the disease. Human subject has been used to test the system. In this paper we have proposed a system for medical diagnosis which is a generated using Fuzzy Logic Toolbox in MATLAB. Specifically, it focuses on medical diagnosis.
Dynamic problems are to consider time constraints. The time constraints may contain incomplete information. Fuzzy logic is will deal with time constraints of incomplete information. The knowledge representation (KR) is the key component to solve the problems in Artificial Intelligence (AI). The fuzzy temporal predicate logic will solve independent time constraints incomplete problems of AI In this paper, Fuzzy predicate temporal logic is studied for incomplete information with time constraints. The incomplete problem represented with fuzzy temporal knowledge base and transferred to fuzzy temporal predicate logic. The logic programming prolog is discussed for fuzzy temporal predicate logic.
Fuzzy Inference Systems (FIS) are now widely employed to regulate a wide range of safety-critical engineering systems. The main reason for this is that FIS may be created using expert human knowledge. Furthermore, with the introduction of Type-2 Fuzzy Logic, the ability to handle uncertainty offers an alluring improvement for fault-tolerant abilities in fault-tolerant control methods, and, in fact, recent studies have shown that the use of Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Inference Systems (IT2 FIS) provides better results than Type-1 Fuzzy Inference Systems (T1 FIS).The current research intends to suggest a novel strategy employing Shadowed Type-2 Fuzzy Inference System (ST2 FIS) for significant features in fault-tolerant capability in the Passive Fault-Tolerant Control (PFTC) method based on the performance increase shown by IT2 FIS. The ST2 FIS is based on the ideas of Shadowed Fuzzy Sets and is an approximation of General Type-2 Fuzzy Inference Systems (GT2 FIS). The fundamental rationale for utilising ST2 FIS instead of GT2 FIS is that the computational cost of GT2 FIS is too high for this application. The simulation results for the FTC using IT2 FIS and FTC using ST2 FIS for Coupled Conical Tank Level Control (CCTLC) system with 30 % and 40% loss of effectiveness in the main actuator are presented in this study. In addition, the article compares the proposed FTC approach using ST2 FIS to FTC using IT2 FIS in terms of fault-recovery time.
One of the main advantages of interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems is their ability to produce prediction intervals as a by-product of the type reduction process. This is especially useful for the design of interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems, where the data are corrupted by noise, in such cases; a model that provides a granular output is more appreciable. Nevertheless, the methods have been proposed in the literature to design type-2 fuzzy logic systems only focused on optimizing a final performance measure, i.e., minimizing error of crisp output of system. This paper presents a multi-objective approach to derive interval type-2 fuzzy logic system used as predictive systems, in which there are three objective functions, such as minimization of the crisp output error and interval output errors. To assess the potentiality of the approach, it has been applied to two synthetic datasets showing very promising results. The results show that the proposed multi-objective outperforms single-objective approach in terms of the crisp and interval output quality.
A cluster can be defined as the collection of data objects grouped into the same group which are similar to each other whereas data objects which are different are grouped into different groups. The process of grouping a set objects into classes of similar objects is called clustering. In fuzzy c means clustering, every data point belongs to every cluster by some membership value. Hence, every cluster is a fuzzy set of all data points. Neutrosophic logic adds a new component "indeterminacy" to the fuzzy logic. In Neutrosophic Logic, the rule of thumb is that every idea has a certain degree of truthiness, falsity and indeterminacy which are to be considered independently from others. In our proposed algorithm, we have used Neutrosophic logic to add the indeterminacy factor in the Fuzzy C-Means Algorithm. We have modified the formula of calculating the membership value as well as the cluster center calculation and generated the clusters of documents as output.
This paper presents an indirect adaptive type-2 fuzzy logic controller (FLC) as well as a direct adaptive type-2 FLC for tracking control of surface vessels under time-varying hydrodynamic disturbances. The combination of approximation-based adaptive control technique and type-2 fuzzy logic system (FLS) allows us to handle time-varying disturbances without exact information on them. The stability of the design is proved through Lyapunov analysis where globally asymptotical convergence of the tracking errors is guaranteed. Although designed from different points of view, both indirect and direct adaptive type-2 FLC yield same and passive closed-loop systems. Comparative simulations with their adaptive type-1 counterparts are carried out. The proposed techniques are found to be effective, robust, and reduce tracking errors.
This paper presents an edge detection method based on morphological gradient technique and generalized type-2 fuzzy logic. The theory of alpha planes is used to implement generalized type-2 fuzzy logic. The proposed type-2 fuzzy edge detection method was tested with benchmark images to illustrate the advantages of the use of generalized type-2 fuzzy logic.
In this paper, we present the design of temperature control for industrial heat treating furnace by using Intelligent Fuzzy Logic and PID controllers. Temperature control is important in heating processes as it can disqualify materials in terms of their physical properties when not well performed. Obviously PID temperature controller is the most used in industries to control non-linear processes. Consequently, it has been found that the output response from Fuzzy Logic is very accurate in terms of overshoot and steady state error when compared to that of PID. Moreover, both temperature controllers are modeled and simulated using MATLAB software.
This paper, taking grinding control for example, combines the advantages of fuzzy control and neural network technology, proposes a fuzzy neural network structure based on fuzzy logic rule. Based on fuzzy logic, we give a method in which fuzzy logic can be converted into an equivalent fuzzy neural network. We discuss the network layers structure and derivation process of the algorithm in detail. The simulation results demonstrate the feasibility of the fuzzy neural network. Experiments show that this method are satisfactory, of which the error rate is low, and has a good practical value.
The main purpose considered in this paper is to maintain a specific location and behavior for a robot that uses type-2 fuzzy logic for controlling its behavior. In this work, we propose a combination of behaviors by following a trajectory without leaving or losing it and avoiding obstacles in an omnidirectional mobile platform. The results of the simulation show the advantages of the proposed approach. We describe the previous knowledge about type-2 fuzzy logic, the virtualization of the mobile robot and its modeling according to real situations. The proposed control system is developed in Matlab/Simulink, the system can model and guide a mobile robot in a successful way in simulated and real environments.
In this paper, we have proposed a method for constructing Hedge Algebraic Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems (HaT2-FLS) from input-output data with two main phases. In the first phase, the data-driven Type-1 Fuzzy Logic System (T1-FLS) is designed under the combination of Fuzzy C-Means algorithm and Genetic Algorithm (GA). Then we construct the HaT2-FLS on the basis of the above T1-FLS in the second phase. The rule base of T1-FLS is employed for generating the rule base of HaT2-FLS by using the same number of fuzzy sets and rules in both fuzzy logic systems. The difference is that the antecedent and consequent sets of HaT2FLS themselves are Hedge Algebraic Type-2 Fuzzy Sets (HaT2FSs). In later phase, the fuzzy parameters of HaT2FSs are also optimized by GA. Finally, an example is provided to evaluate the performance of the proposed method.
After more than three decades since the introduction of linguistic variables and their application to approximate reasoning by Zadeh [1], the ability of fuzzy logic systems (FLSs) for modeling real world applications is not a secret to anyone. Currently there are two basic approaches to determine fuzzy model of a system in the literature which are, 1-direct approach, and 2-indirect approach. In direct approach rules are generated via knowledge extraction from experienced experts, while in indirect approach historical data of a system determine the governing rules. The first method is involved with extracting knowledge from experts who in some cases are not available, or they avoid providing us with useful information. In the second method which is dealt with historical data, clustering is the proper tool for structure identification of a system under investigation. Determining the structure of a system relying only on past data also has its own problems. In this paper we try to develop a hybrid approach in interval type-2 fuzzy system modeling (IT2FSM) which benefits from the advantages of both direct and indirect methods. At first stage the modified approach to interval type-2 fuzzy c-mean clustering (IT2FCM) is applied to identify the structure of system and in the second stage the hybrid of direct and indirect approach in system modeling is used to complete the rule base of a model.
Recently, the theory regarding interval type-2 fuzzy sets and fuzzy logic systems has been further developed. In the first instance, the concepts of interval type-2 fuzzy sets were broadened, proving that this class of sets include some which are different from interval-valued sets. In a later work, the set theoretic operations of union and intersection on these sets were studied and presented under the framework of general type-2 fuzzy sets. This stimulated and motivated the further study of fuzzy logic systems using these new sets, which have been referred to as the general forms of interval type-2 fuzzy sets. However, as usual when a new fuzzy logic framework is presented, only the singleton version of these systems was introduced. In this work we aim to generalise that work, introducing the non-singleton general forms of interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems. We will present a real example on how to use these non-singleton fuzzy logic systems in real world applications.
This study proposes a new method for automatic classification of medical data on celiac disease (CD) using an interval type-2 fuzzy logic system (IT2FLS). Due to the high uncertainty in the medical data, IT2FLSs are able to consider many linguistic uncertainties in the type-2 framework, and considering the uncertainty in the membership functions, they can raise the accuracy of the fuzzy system. To improve the performance of IT2FLS, we have used fuzzy C-means (FCM) clustering algorithm to determine the membership functions centers in the fuzzy rules. For the purpose of comparison, other classification models based on fuzzy sets, such as type-1 fuzzy logic system (T1FLS) and IT2FLS without using FCM are also proposed. Experiments are performed on a dataset of Poursina Hakim Research Institute with the real samples of patients with different grades of celiac. Accuracy of 83.33%, 87.88% and 90.65%, respectively, was achieved when determining the grades of A, B1 and B2 by IT2FLS-FCM. This demonstrates the superiority of this model over the other fuzzy models. Considering the uncertainty in type-2 fuzzy sets and as well as FCM clustering algorithm, improved system performance in the classification of CD.
In this paper, interval type-2 fuzzy logic control technique is employed to design a stable controller for thyristor controlled series capacitor (TCSC) so as to improve the small signal stability of power system. For a single machine infinite bus (SMIB) power system, TCSC and Power System Stabilizer (PSS) together assures the small signal stability by using simulated annealing algorithm. Lyapunov synthesis provides guarantee regarding the stability of interval type-2 fuzzy logic control systems. The membership function used is of Gaussian type for input, output variables of fuzzy logic controller. Simulation results shows better performance of the proposed controller rather than conventional.
Real world environments are characterized by high levels of linguistic and numerical uncertainties. Recently, interval type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems (FLSs) appeared as an attractive mechanism to handle the high levels of uncertainty available in real world applications. However, the majority of the type-2 FLSs handle the linguistic and numerical uncertainties using singleton interval type-2 FLSs that mix the numerical and linguistic uncertainties to be handled only by the linguistic labels type-2 fuzzy sets. However, this seems paradoxical as this ignores the fact that if numerical uncertainties were present they should affect the incoming inputs to the FLS and hence we cannot treat the incoming FLS inputs as perfect signals as in the case of singleton FLSs. Even in papers that employed nonsingleton type-2 FLSs, the input signals were having a predefined shape (mostly Gaussian or triangular) which might not reflect the real uncertainty distribution associated with the given sensor. This work presents an interval type-2 FLS approach where the numerical uncertainties will be modelled and handled by nonsingleton type-2 fuzzy inputs and the linguistic uncertainties will be handled by interval type-2 fuzzy sets to represent the antecedents' linguistic labels. The nonsingleton type-2 fuzzy inputs are dynamic and they are automatically generated from data and they do not assume a specific shape about the distribution associated with the given sensor. The paper will present the system description and we will present an example, which employs real-world data to clarify the presented approach.
Nonsingleton fuzzy logic systems (NSFLSs) have the potential to capture and handle input noise within the design of input fuzzy sets (FSs). In this article, we propose an online learning method that utilizes a sequence of observations to continuously update the input FSs of an NSFLS, thus providing an improved capacity to deal with variations in the level of input-affecting noise, common in real-world applications. The method removes the requirement for both a priori knowledge of noise levels and relying on offline training procedures to define input FS parameters. To the best of our knowledge, the proposed ADaptive, ONline Nonsingleton (ADONiS) fuzzy logic system (FLS) framework represents the first end-to-end framework to adaptively configure nonsingleton input FSs. The latter is achieved through online uncertainty detection applied to a sliding window of observations. Since real-world environments are influenced by a broad range of noise sources, which can vary greatly in magnitude over time, the proposed technique for combining online determination of noise levels with associated adaptation of input FSs provides an efficient and effective solution which elegantly models input uncertainty in the FLS's input FSs, without requiring changes in any other part (e.g., antecedents, rules or consequents) of the FLS. In this article, two common chaotic time series (Mackey–Glass, Lorenz) are used to perform prediction experiments to demonstrate and evaluate the proposed framework. Results indicate that the proposed adaptive NSFLS framework provides significant advantages, particularly in environments that include high variation in noise levels, which are common in real-world applications.
In this study, we will present the novel application of Type-2 (T2) fuzzy logic to the popular video game called Lunar Lander. The proposed T2 fuzzy moon landing system structure is composed of the error signal generator and the T2 fuzzy logic control structure which give the opportunity to transform the moon landing problem of the spaceship as a multivariable tracking control problem. The landing problem of the game can be seen as one of the classical multivariable control problems including uncertainties due to the randomization process occurring the game environment. Thus, we will employ T2 fuzzy logic controllers since they are capable of handling a high level of uncertainties. Then, by optimizing the T2 fuzzy moon landing system via the particle swarm optimization, we will show that the resulting T2 fuzzy moon landing system resulted with an adequate control and game performance in the presence of the uncertainties, disturbances and nonlinear system dynamics in comparison with its type-1 and conventional counterparts. We believe that the results of this paper will be an important step for a wider deployment of T2 fuzzy logic in the research area of computer games.
In this article we use the Differential Evolution (DE) algorithm which using fuzzy logic has the mutation parameter (F) dynamic, this modification of the algorithm we call Fuzzy Differential Evolution algorithm (FDE), a comparison algorithm using type 1 fuzzy logic and interval type 2 fuzzy logic is performed by for a set of functions Benchmark.
Fuzzy Logic (FL) deals with uncertainty, vagueness, imprecision, partial truth etc while reasoning process. It helps in making decision with imprecise and incomplete information. At the other end, we have intuitionistic fuzzy logic which is the superset of fuzzy logic. In intuitionistic fuzzy logic (IFL), apart from uncertainty, vagueness, imprecision and partial truth, it also allows us to deal with the hesitation or indeterminacy which creeps in decision making process which are characteristics of human intelligence.
Fuzzy systems based on the interval type-2 fuzzy set have many advantages in processing uncertain data compared with the fuzzy systems based on the type-1 fuzzy set. The design of optimal interval type-2 fuzzy systems is often difficult due to many parameters. The selection and construction of membership functions used to map the crisp inputs to fuzzifier data play an important role and greatly influence the accuracy of the fuzzy system. The paper proposes a hybrid optimization model using swarm optimization algorithms to find the parameters for the membership function of the interval type-2 fuzzy logic system (IT2FLS). For the experiment, the paper uses optimization techniques such as particle swarm optimization (PSO), genetic algorithm (GA), ant colony optimization (ACO) to find the optimal parameter for IT2FLS applied to the classification problem. Experimental results on datasets from the UCI machine learning library and satellite image data show that hybrid optimization models between the optimization algorithm and IT2FLS can help IT2FLS achieve higher accuracy in data classification problems.
In recent years the application of fuzzy systems in real world problems is increasing because of the fact that fuzzy systems can deal with linguistic data along with the numerical data. Although type-1 fuzzy system can handle the uncertainties related to imprecise data, in some cases a higher degree of precision is required. This lead to the origin of type-2 fuzzy systems. Since then the type-2 fuzzy system theory has been applied to different fields of engineering, finance and medical domains. This paper attempts to present a comprehensive set of references on applications of type-2 fuzzy systems in power system.
Bisimulation is a central concept in the model theory of modal logic with extensive computational applications. It is a relation between two models in which related states have identical atomic properties and matching transition possibilities. Bisimulation captures the expressive power of propositional modal logic in the sense that bisimilar states are not distinguishable by any propositional modal formula. In recent years, fuzzy modal logic has received much attention because of the connection between uncertainty measures and fuzzy modalities. In this paper, we define the notion of fuzzy bisimulation and prove that, in a fuzzified version, it bears the same relationship to fuzzy modal logic that bisimulation bears to propositional modal logic.
This paper proposes an improved probabilistic fuzzy logic system with Dempster-Shafer structure (DS-PFLS) for wind speed prediction. The Dempster-Shafer theory and 3-sigma results are integrated into probabilistic fuzzy logic system (PFLS) to address the complex derivation of the secondary probability density function and to eliminate the computational overload. The secondary probability density function based on the center of primary fuzzy membership in PFLS is proposed. Moreover, an improved Chicken Swarm Optimization (CSO) is developed for optimizing the related parameters of DS-PFLS. Simulations and comparisons based on the wind speed prediction demonstrate the effectivity and efficiency of the proposed method.
The standard fuzzy logic controllers, also known as type-1 fuzzy logic controllers, have often been criticized for their inability to handle uncertainties in the control processes. Therefore, a lot of attention is being focused on type-2 fuzzy logic controllers, especially, the interval type-2 fuzzy logic controllers. This paper aims at developing both type-1 and type-2 fuzzy logic controllers for an airplane altitude control problem and comparing their performances. Both the controllers have similar knowledge bases, and both of them are tested in two simulation setups, an ideally modeled setup and a setup with uncertainties. The results show that the type-2 fuzzy logic controller outperforms the type-1 fuzzy logic controller, especially, in the environment with uncertainties. Therefore, this research seems to validate the superiority of type-2 fuzzy logic control in making the controllers independent of uncertainties in intricate model details.
To precisely control the speed of BLDC motors at high speed and with very good performance, an accurate motor model is required. As a result, the controller design can play an important role in the effectiveness of the system. The classic controllers such as PID are widely used in the BLDC motor controllers, but they are not appropriate due to non-linear model of the BLDC motor. To enhance the performance and speed of response, many studies were taken to improve the adjusting methods of PID controller gains by using fuzzy logic. Use of fuzzy logic considering approximately interpretation of the observations and determination of the approximate commands, provides a good platform for designing intelligent robust controller. Nowadays type-2 fuzzy logic is used because of more ability to model and reduce uncertainty effects in rule-based fuzzy systems. In this paper, an interval type-2 fuzzy logic-based proportional-integral-derivative controller (IT2FLPIDC) is proposed for speed control of brushless DC (BLDC) motor. The proposed controller performance is compared with the conventional PID and type-1 fuzzy logic-based PID controllers, respectively in MATLAB/Simulink environment. Simulation results show the superior IT2FLPIDC performance than two other ones.
Fuzzy logic based on the fuzzy concept is an important development of contemporary philosophical logic, and its focus is on fuzzy logic and possibility theory. Fuzzy logic is not only to promote people's deep thinking to the science cognitive function, but also in computer engineering, management engineering also has great application value.
In this paper, a wind energy conversion system (WECS) using a variable speed synchronous generator and a battery to store extra wind energy is proposed. A fuzzy logic supervisor is developed to manage both the energy production and its storage to obtain an optimal behaviour of the system and to ensure the load requirement. Many simulation results are presented to show that the proposed method gives good performance for its application in autonomous wind energy systems and can extend battery life.
The fuzzy logic deals incomplete information with belief rather than probability. The fuzzy propositions deal with incomplete information. In this paper, a new representation of fizzy set typ-2, fuzzy set α-cut and fuzzy temporal set occurs in fuzzy propositions. These fuzzy quantifiers set, fizzy set typ-2, fuzzy set α-cut ,fuzzy temporal sets, fuzzy granular sets and fuzzy rough sets are studied. These are generalized and quantified under single category. This work is only trying to overcome difficulties in computations.
Honduran coffee is one of the best coffees worldwide. Its cultivation and subsequent quality control require the use of expert cuppers. In this work a fuzzy logic type-2 expert system is used as a tool to obtain the quality level of a Honduran cup of coffee based on subjective criteria used by cuppers. A case is shown to prove the effectiveness of the expert system. The system was tested in more than 500 cases of which 97% of the time cuppers agreed with the results of the expert system.
Underactuated mechanical systems have their own difficulties within the control criterion. As a particular and complex underactuated mechanical system, underactuated truss-like robotic finger(UTRF) is studied by establishing its dynamic model. The control problems include high nonlinearity, model inaccuracy and uncertainties. Type-2 fuzzy logic control method is supposed to be a proper way to solve these problems, because fuzzy logic control itself does not depend on an accurate model of the controlled object, and type-2 fuzzy logic control is able to handle uncertainties. The basic principle of type-2 fuzzy logic control is then analyzed. Moreover, an interval type-2 fuzzy logic controller is designed for UTRF to accomplish the goal of stabilization in its equilibrium point. Simulation result shows that the designed interval type-2 fuzzy logic controller is correct and effective.
Using nonsingleton (NS) input fuzzifiers along with type-2 fuzzy systems to handle uncertainties in inputs has received some attention in recent years. However, the NS fuzzification schemes proposed so far have a limited impact because they are restricted to a particular kind of fuzzy sets only. This paper proposes a modular implementation scheme for NS type-2 fuzzy logic systems with input uncertainties. The proposed implementation scheme constitutes a generalized fuzzification which is independent of the forms/shapes of the fuzzy sets, i.e., both the NS fuzzifiers and the membership functions. To investigate the effectiveness of the proposed scheme, type-2 fuzzy logic controllers for three different applications, airplane altitude control, obstacle avoidance for a mobile robot, and a wall following robot, are developed. Additionally, for mapping NS fuzzifiers for real sensors, a sensory noise pattern recognition stage is also developed. Despite encountering various kinds of membership functions and input uncertainties along these three applications, the proposed scheme is able to successfully deal with all three applications. Moreover, the performance results in all three application setups show that NS fuzzification can improve the robustness of type-2 fuzzy logic systems against input uncertainties.
We propose the concept of a conditional fuzzy set and prove that a type-2 fuzzy set is equivalent to a conditional fuzzy set. We show that both the conditional fuzzy sets and the type-2 fuzzy sets are fuzzy relations on the product space of the primary and secondary variables, and the difference is that the primary and secondary variables in the conditional fuzzy set framework are usually independent to each other, whereas in the type-2 fuzzy set framework, the secondary variable depends on the primary variable by definition. It is this dependence between the primary and secondary variables that makes the type-2 fuzzy sets a complex subject, while the conditional fuzzy sets do not have this built-in dependence and, thus, are much easier to analyze. With the fuzzy relation formulation, powerful tools in fuzzy set theory such as Zadeh's compositional rule of inference can be used to obtain the marginal fuzzy sets of the type-2 and conditional fuzzy sets, transforming the type-2 problems back to the conventional type-1 domain. With the help of the marginal fuzzy set concept, we show that a type-2 fuzzy logic system can be designed in the same way as designing a type-1 fuzzy logic system.
Educational software is defined as a computer software primarily used by students for the purpose of self-learning, practice making and self-testing. Teaching software out of educational ones will be studied and contribution of fuzzy logic model, one of the artificial intelligence techniques, to educational software will be discussed in the study. Existing data is assessed with the aim of solving the problem and diverting method by using fuzzy logic model, as a new approach, and its example are presented in the study. Similar to human logic, effective results depending on indefinite verbal knowledge can be produced in the systems of fuzzy logic. In this study, Mamdani type fuzzy logic model will be developed based on the students' grades, student's understanding and teacher's opinion results. Moreover, recommendation on educational software and teaching methods in compliance with the perception and ability of the student will be provided as the output of this system. If this study will be successful, our system will guide instructors in selection of teaching software appropriate to students' perception level and in teaching methodology for students.
It is a known fact that type-2 fuzzy sets can represent highly nonlinear and/or uncertain systems much better than ordinary (type-1) fuzzy logic systems. Lately, interval type-2 fuzzy logic system inversion methods have been proposed and applied in various areas especially in control system design. In this study, an analytical methodology has been developed to form the inverse of the interval type-2 fuzzy models composed of four rules. However, since the interval type-2 fuzzy logic system output can not be presented in a closed form an iterative algorithm is proposed based on the developed analytical methodology. In order to demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed methodology, an illustrative study is given where the beneficial sides are shown clearly.
Human, a complex creation of God does not use digital logic in routine. Fuzzy logic was put forward to use the power of machine at the level of human communication. In this paper utility of fuzzy logic has been clarified. Fuzzy logic is a multivalued logic, which is akin to the human brain thinking. Since it takes into account the complexity of human beings it has tremendous use in medicine and bioinformatics. Thus in this paradigm shift fuzzy logic is a superset of conventional Logic (Boolean logic) that has been extended to handle problems akin to human thinking. According to Dr. Zedah's theory the process of fuzzification is a methodology to extend beyond Boolean logic. Fuzzy Logic takes into account all the factors and complexities of human being since human being is most complex creation. This logic has been shown as an extension to the conventional Boolean logic as it formulates degree of truth by membership function instead of value of true or false. Fuzzy is akin to brain's thinking and ascribes meaning to "higher", "smaller" etc. It tackles the real world, which is not boolean but complex. In Fuzzy Logic everything is a matter of degree shown by membership function. Here knowledge is shown as a collection of fuzzy constraints on a collection of variables and inference is viewed as a propagation of elastic constraints. In this paper it has been shown how fuzzy logic finds applications in medicine and psychological problems. How typical diseases like heart problem can be forecasted based on fuzzy logic for an individual based on the safety parameters for health. How Fuzzy Clustering Algorithms can be used for better analysis of data to get the information.
In this paper, we generalize the omitting types theorem, an important result of classical model theory, for a wide class of fuzzy logics, containing the prominent logics of left-continuous t-norms and uninorms.
This paper presents an indirect adaptive type-2 fuzzy logic controller (FLC) for dynamic positioning (DP) vessels with attached thrusters under various time-varying hydrodynamic disturbances. Approximation-based adaptive control technique in combination with type-2 fuzzy logic system (FLS) is employed in the design of the control. The stability of the design is demonstrated through Lyapunov analysis where globally asymptotical convergence of the regulation error is guaranteed. Rigorous analysis shows the resultant closed-loop system is passive. The proposed adaptive type-2 FLC is able to reject the hydrodynamic disturbances without exact information on them. Comparative simulations with linear proportional derivative (PD) controller and adaptive type-1 FLC are carried out. The proposed technique is found to be effective, robust, and has better performance.
Multi-Criteria Decision Making (MCDM) aims to develop techniques that are able to make decisions and solve complex problems where the outcome is a factor of various conflicting criteria. Intuitionistic Fuzzy Sets (IFSs) have been shown to provide a suitable framework for dealing with decision-making systems involving membership, non-membership and hesitation which showed very good results when dealing with conflicting criteria. On the other hand, Group Decision Making (GDM) deals with decision-making systems which need to consider the opinions of a group of experts whose decisions and opinions are subject to linguistic uncertainties. Previous research has shown the power of interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems to handle the linguistic uncertainties in decision-making systems. In this paper, we propose a hybrid method combining interval type-2 fuzzy logic and IFSs to develop a Multi-Criteria Group Decision Making (MCGDM) system. The intuitionistic evaluation in interval type-2 membership functions has been derived from the proposed method which includes eight steps for the aggregation and ranking of the preference alternatives. We will present results from the proposed system deployment for the assessment of the postgraduate study where the evaluation involved 10 candidates. The proposed system was able to model the variation in the group decision-making process exhibited by the various decision-makers' opinions. In addition, the proposed system was able to provide a better agreement with human decisions compared to IFS, type-1 and interval type-2 fuzzy systems.
Learning of fuzzy parameters for system modeling using evolutionary algorithms is an interesting topic. In this paper, two optimal design and tuning of Interval type-2 fuzzy logic system are proposed using hybrid learning algorithms. The consequent parameters of the interval type-2 fuzzy logic system in both the hybrid algorithms are tuned using Kalman filter. Whereas the antecedent parameters of the system in the first hybrid algorithm is optimized using the multi-objective particle swarm optimization (MOPSO) and using the multi-objective evolutionary algorithm Based on Decomposition (MOEA/D) in the second hybrid algorithm. Root mean square error and maximum absolute error as the two accuracy objective are utilized to find the Pareto-optimal solution with the MOPSO and MOEA/D respectively. The proposed hybrid multi-objective designs of the interval type-2 fuzzy logic system are utilized to the prediction of solar photovoltaic output. It is observed that MOEA/D outperforms MOPSO in this case in terms of quality of results and its diversity. Finally, one point is selected from the obtained Pareto front and its performance is illustrated.
In educational institutions the success is measured by academic performance, or how well a student meets standards set out by governmental educational policies and/or the institutional rules and regulations. This study proposes a new performance evaluation method based on fuzzy logic systems. In our method, we consider three characteristics for one academic course that involves exam1, theoretical exam2 and practical exam3. Then with using fuzzy logic based on Mamdani technique we get a new approach for evaluating students. Results of our methods for some real samples shows that our approach can be practical method for evaluating students' performance in the university.
In this paper, an integration of fuzzy logic controller (FLC) and genetic algorithm (GA) is developed with a view to make the design process fully automatic, without requiring any human expert knowledge. Here, GA is used in two stages simultaneously: the first stage involves selection and definition of fuzzy rules, while the second stage performs an optimal selection of membership function types associated to the fuzzy rules. It is argued that the performance of an FLC greatly depends on the fuzzy rules as well as the types of membership functions associated to the fuzzy sets. Thus, the aforementioned two-stage GA is a viable solution for designing an efficient FLC system. In order to evaluate performance, the proposed approach is applied to a well-known benchmarking controller design task, "backing up a truck reversing system". The simulation result exhibits superior performance and thereby validates the proposed integrated GA and FLC system.
This research article proposes the shunt active filter (SHAF), which is used to improve the power quality of the electrical network by mitigating the harmonics with the help of Type-1 and Type-2 Fuzzy logic controller (Type-1 and Type-2 FLC) Triangular membership function (M.F). To carry out this analysis, active and reactive current (Id-Iq) control strategy is chosen. The proposed SHAF is able to eliminate the uncertainty in the system with the help of Type-2 FLC Triangular M.F. Three-phase reference current waveforms generated by proposed scheme are tracked by the three-phase voltage source converter in a hysteresis band control scheme. The performance of the proposed control strategy has been evaluated in terms of harmonic mitigation and DC link voltage regulation under various source conditions. In order to maintain DC link voltage constant and to generate the compensating reference currents, we have developed Type-1 FLC and Type-2 FLC with Triangular fuzzy membership (M.F). The SHAF with proposed Type-2 FLC using Triangular M.F is able to eliminate the uncertainty in the system and SHAF gains outstanding compensation abilities.
In this paper, fuzzy logic control systems and real coded quantum inspired evolutionary algorithm (RCQIEA) are integrated for intelligent control. Here, RCQIEAs is utilized as an adaptive method for selection and definition of fuzzy control rules and for tuning the parameters of membership function for each fuzzy control rule in two different ways. The majority of fuzzy logic controllers (FLCs) to date are working based on the expert knowledge base derived from heuristic knowledge of experienced operators. These approaches are difficult and time consuming for experts. Moreover, because manual coded FLCs use expert knowledge, there is no guarantee that the FLCs obtained will have sufficiently good performance, especially for a complex system problem with a large number of input variables. On the contrary, our proposed approach is an automatic knowledge acquisition learning method for generating or adapting FLCs using RCQIEA. In order to check the effectiveness of our proposed approach, it has been applied to solve the truck-and-trailer controller, which is well known test-bed for fuzzy control systems. The fuzzy controller obtained by the proposed approach performs better and effectively realizes the trajectory control of the truck with trailer.
Fuzzy set theory and Fuzzy logic propose bases for modeling, evaluation and optimization of tasks, events and processes in different areas. Recently, it has been utilized for the purpose of engineering education, giving possibilities for description of uncertain and complex systems leading to clear and precise results. This paper summarizes and analyzes applications of Fuzzy set theory and Fuzzy logic for improvement and automation of teaching and learning tasks. A model for utilization of Fuzzy apparatus in engineering educational practice is developed to facilitate educators and researchers in their everyday and unforeseen activities.
In this paper a comparison of the use of Type-1 and Type-2 fuzzy logic in the benchmark problem known as the problem of the water tank is presented. Fuzzy logic allows managing uncertainty, which is very common in linguistic fuzzy systems. It has been shown that Type-2 fuzzy systems manage better the uncertainty in real world problems but, evidence exists also to show that using Type-2 technology is usually computationally more expensive. It is shown in this paper using an experimental basis that an interval Type-2 Fuzzy System presents better results than those obtained with the traditional way of handling fuzzy systems with Type-1 fuzzy logic. Experiments and comparisons are presented to validate the proposed approach.
Zadeh and mamdani proposed fuzzy conditional inference. This fuzzy conditional inference applicable when prior information of consequent part is known. The TSK fuzzy conditional inference need not know the prior information but it is dificult to compute consequent part of fuzzy conditions. There are some applications like fuzzy medical diagnosis and fuzzy control systems, the prior information of consequent part may not be known. In this paper, fuzzy conditional inferences are proposed which are different from Zadeh, Mamdani and TSK fuzzy conditional inferences for “if … then …” fuzzy propositions when prior information is not available to consequent part. The fuzzy conditional inferences are also proposed for “if… then … else …” when prior information is not available to consequent part. The fuzzy reasoning is given for proposed fuzzy methods. The fuzzy medical diagnosis is given for these methods.
This paper uses an approach for evaluating the effectiveness and risks of investment projects based on fuzzy logic for the formalization of uncertainty. In this work considered some input variables like net present value (NPV), internal rate of return (IRR), project payback period (PB), accounting rate of return (ARR), investment return index (PI). The value of the output variable determines the probability of acceptance of the project, its effectiveness and risks in the implementation process. As linguistic terms, it is proposed to use triangular and trapezoidal fuzzy numbers. The authors use a fuzzy logic approach for evaluating the effectiveness of investment projects based on production rules. This allows us to simplify the process of evaluating investment projects, especially in cases where the influencing factors (evaluation criteria) are not connected by a single mathematical formalization, their number is large enough for calculations, estimates of projects by criteria can be not only quantitative but also qualitative. In this case, it is enough to create a knowledge base from experts in this field. Described and use the Mamdani algorithm of fuzzy logic inference when solving the current problem of evaluating investment projects under uncertainty.
This paper presents a new type-2 fuzzy logic controller able to control a non-linear system (inverted pendulum) on-line. Type-2 fuzzy logic controllers provide us the opportunity of applying a wide variety of people opinion to control system design. This will result in minimizing the effect of uncertainties in Rule-Base fuzzy logic systems. These controllers provide more flexibility in applying human thinking in control system design in comparison to the traditional type-1 fuzzy logic controllers. However, we encounter some problems using the type-2 fuzzy logic controllers on-line because of the large volume of computations required. This paper proposes a new type-2 fuzzy controller for on-line control.
Drivers' route choice problem is important to Advanced Traveler Information Systems (ATIS) whose purpose is to solve the traffic congestion problem. In this paper, we discuss the route choice problem and introduce Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Theory. And a method based on the Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems (IT2FLSs) is proposed to deal with the route choice problem. This method can handle the imprecision, uncertainties and vagueness lying in the dynamic choice process more efficiently.
This paper continues a study in fuzzy interval logic based on the Checklist Paradigm(CP) semantics of Bandler and Kohout. The law of excluded middle and the law of contradiction are investigated in the fuzzy interval logic system of negation, [¬Bot, ¬ Top], which was defined by the Nicod(NOR) and the Sheffer(NAND) connectives of m1 interval system, respectively. Both laws don't hold in the fuzzy logic with a classic negation, ¬a = 1 - a; however, they do hold both with ¬ Bot and with ¬ Top in the checklist paradigm based fuzzy interval logic.
This paper is extension of major research of application of fuzzy logic for position control of precision electromechanical system specifically pointing and tracking system of telescope. Proposed interval type-2 fuzzy logic algorithm is evolution type-1 algorithm for improving the efficiency of a drive system due to the fact that in type-2 fuzzy systems membership functions are tridimensional and include in their entire period footprint of uncertainty. To prove the effectiveness of the presented method of fuzzy type-2 logic we compared it with the traditional PI controller. The obtained results show good steady-state and dynamic performance and workability of the presented algorithm.
Description logics are known to be a family of logic-based knowledge representation formalisms, and fuzzy description logics are expressive description logics for representing and handling fuzzy (vague or imprecise) knowledge bases. A sequential fuzzy description logic, which is introduced in this paper, is an extended fuzzy description logic where a sequence modal operator is introduced. In this paper, a translation from the proposed sequential fuzzy description logic to a standard fuzzy description logic is defined. Further, a theorem for embedding the sequential fuzzy description logic into the standard fuzzy description logic is proved using this translation. A theorem for relative decidability of the sequential fuzzy description logic with respect to the standard fuzzy description logic is established using the embedding theorem. The proposed logic and translation are intended for effective handling of fuzzy knowledge bases with sequential information (i.e., information expressed as sequences). Moreover, using the translation, existing methods and algorithms for the standard fuzzy description logic can be reused to effectively handle fuzzy knowledge bases with sequential information described by the sequential fuzzy description logic.
In this paper we consider the Differential Evolution (DE) algorithm by using fuzzy logic to make dynamic changes in the mutation parameter (F), and this modification of the algorithm we call the Fuzzy Differential Evolution algorithm (FDE). A comparison of the FDE algorithm using type 1 fuzzy logic and interval type-2 fuzzy logic is performed for a set of Benchmark functions.
In this paper we present a new variant of the Fuzzy K-Nearest Neighbor algorithm. We propose to use Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Logic to improve the performance of the Fuzzy K-Nearest Neighbor algorithm (Fuzzy KNN algorithm). We have used different measures to calculate the distance between the neighbors and the vector to be classified, such as Euclidean, Hamming, cosine similarity and city block distances. These distances represent the inputs for the Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Inference System. Simulation results show the potential of the proposed approach.
This paper describes about a decision system for air-lane monitoring. An automatic controlling system is developed in aircraft to handle a situation where it is very hard to take a right decision for pilot. In order to resolve this issue a new fuzzy type-2 logic system is developed, which is proposed in this paper. An air-lane scenario is taken and implemented the new type-2 Fuzzy Logic system. Earlier developed Type-1 fuzzy logic system was not able to handle this scenario precisely. An overview of both type-1 and type-2 fuzzy system is presented here. In type-2 fuzzy system four parameters: distance, bearing, class and altitude are considered to compute the output matrix, based on the matrix system takes a constant decision. The computation is based on Mamdani inference method. Implemented fuzzy logic system gives a better result in terms of uncertainty handling and robustness. This is proved in our result section.
Fuzzy Logic concepts have been applied with great success in many world applications. The majority of fuzzy logic system (FLS) so far has been used Type-1 FLS. However, Type-1 FLS cannot handle the high level of uncertainties available in the system (plant). A new concept named as interval Type-2 FLS has been developed due to its uncertainties handling capacity. In this paper, Type-1 and Type-2 FLS are developed and designed for pitch angle controlled wind energy system as an application to investigate their performance. The results show that the Type-2 fuzzy logic controller offers better performance than the Type-1 FLS.
The fuzzy logic deals with incomplete, inconsistent, uncertain, vagueand undecided information with belief. Fuzzy logic with twofold fuzzy set will give more accuracy then single membership function. In this paper, fuzzy logic with twofold fuzzy sets are studied. Fuzzy neural net used learn fuzzy inference. Fuzz certainity factor (FCF) is studied to eliminate conflict between two membership functions. Sometimes decision has to be taken under risk. Fuzzy Decision set is defined with fuzzy certainty factor (FCF). Different fuzzy resoning methods are discussed. Fuzzy inference anr reasoning mrthods are given for business intelligence.
The article proposes a framework for developing a Decision Support System (DSS) for evaluating and selecting alternative enterprise strategies based on expert assessments using fuzzy logic and a modification of the classical Quantitative Strategic Planning Matrix (QSPM). In addition to the traditional QSPM criteria, it is proposed to consider the potential ability to achieve specific strategic goals. The developed framework contains five blocks, each obtaining expert linguistic estimates in a particular term-set with their subsequent transformation into fuzzy numbers with triangular membership functions. The aggregating fuzzy forecast is carried out using fuzzy knowledge bases and logical rules based on the Mamdani Fuzzy Inference System. The rating of strategic alternatives is carried out based on defuzzified values of the obtained integral fuzzy estimates. This framework is designed to facilitate identifying the list of the most "attractive" (priority) enterprise strategies and expands the capabilities of traditional methods of strategic assessment.
This paper provides an introduction to and an overview of type-2 fuzzy Logic system and its optimal computation. The difference between a type-2 fuzzy set (T2 FS) and a type-1 fuzzy set (T1 FS) is discussed. The need of optimal design for the type-2 fuzzy Logic system is presented. The important advance in the optimal computation for interval type-2 fuzzy sets (IT2 FLS) and systems is demonstrated. The opinion that the artificial immune algorithm (AIS) is a novel optimistic method in the study area of type-2 fuzzy logic system is presented. Further work that needs to be done with the AIS and other versions of intelligent algorithms is pointed out.
In order to get correct results using the model predictive control, one must find the suitable values of its tuning parameters. In many case this task is achieved by empirical methods. It's sufficient to control a physical system which internal parameters remain the same. The chosen controller parameters continue to provide satisfactory performances against small system variations. They become quickly inappropriate when strong variations occur in the process. One of the classical approaches consists to identify online the system model to update its controller based on this model. This solution doesn't ensure always best results. In this paper, we show how one can perform a suitable control to a system with variable parameters applying a fuzzy-logic-supervised predictive control. The fuzzy logic supervisor fulfills the online tuning of the predictive control parameters. Thus, we carry out a comparison between these two strategies.
In this study, an interval type-2 fuzzy logic controller has been proposed for the target search and tracking mission of an unmanned aerial vehicle. The visual data coming from the onboard camera sensor of the quadcopter have been processed to provide visual feedback from the environment and to detect the target. In the given mission, the quadcopter first performed a systematic search over the area until the target has been detected, and then proceeded with the tracking of the target. The ROS/Gazebo platform has been used to test the performance of the proposed control scheme. A fuzzy type-1 controller has been also developed to assess the performance of the type-2 controller. The results of the simulations indicate that type-2 fuzzy logic controller can provide better steady state and transient characteristics compared to its type-1 counterpart.
There are, in general, two kinds of logical foundations of mathematics, namely set theory and higher-order logic (aka. type theory). Fuzzy set theory and class theory have been studied extensively for a long time. Studies on higher-order fuzzy logic, by contrast, just started more recently and there is much yet to be done. Here we introduce higher-order fuzzy logics over MTL (monoidal t-norm logic; uniform foundations of fuzzy logics such as Hájek's basic logic, Łukasiewicz logic, and Gödel logic); higher-order MTL boils down to the standard higherorder intuitionistic logic (i.e., the internal logic of topos) with the pre-linearity axiom when equipped with the contraction rule. We give uniform categorical semantics for all higher-order fuzzy logics over MTL in terms of tripos theory. We prove the linear completeness of tripos semantics for higher-order fuzzy logics, and a tripos-theoretical Baaz translation theorem, which allows us to simulate higher-order classical logic within fuzzy logics. The relationships between topos theory and fuzzy set theory have been pursued for a long time; yet no complete topos semantics of fuzzy set theory has been found. Here we give complete tripos semantics of higher-order fuzzy logic (or fuzzy type theory).
Vehicle crash is a complex behavior to be investigated as a challenging topic in terms of dynamical modeling. On this aim, fuzzy logic can be utilized to analyze the crash dynamics rapidly and simply. In this paper, the experimental data of the frontal crash is recorded using an accelerometer located at the centre of the gravity of the vehicle. The acceleration signal was the raw data from which the collision intensity expressed by the kinetic energy and the jerk were derived. The fuzzy logic model was then developed from the two inputs namely kinetic energy and jerk. The output variable is the crash severity expressed as the dynamic crash. The result shows that the jerk contributes much to the crash than the kinetic energy of the vehicle.
Type-reduction is one of the most important blocks in interval type-2 (IT2) fuzzy logic systems (FLSs). This paper investigates three types of centroid type-reduction algorithms for interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems. One is the traditional type-reduction algorithm, called Karnik Mendel (KM) algorithm, and the other two are enhanced type-reduction algorithms, called enhanced Karnik Mendel (EKM) algorithm and Enhanced Iterative Algorithm with stopping condition (EIASC). According to two types of primary membership function of interval type-2 fuzzy sets, as the number of sampling points of primary variable increases, simulation results show that the defuzzified values for three types of type-reduction algorithms all converge to certain values. The computational costs of these algorithms are also analyzed. Above these provide a reference to interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems designers and adopters.
Unmanned aerial vehicles have gained prominence in diverse applications spanning non-military and military domains. Despite their simple mechanical structure, quadrotor UAVs are characterized as nonlinear and under-actuated systems, which has led to a requirement for controllers that are able to overcome these challenges. Intelligent control methods like fuzzy logic have proven to be practical for controlling nonlinear systems. This paper proposes the development of a Type-2 fuzzy controller for addressing the trajectory tracking challenge of a quadrotor. The membership functions of this controller are optimized using the particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm based on the uncertainties values. To assess the effectiveness of the proposed controller, a comparative analysis with a type-1 fuzzy controller and a standard PID controller is conducted.
Some methods to define operations with logics for typical fuzzy lists and multisets are given to operate lists of degrees with different length using the least common multiple method, four filling methods and two truncating methods. The properties of the logics are studied. Some examples are given.
In this paper, a design method of a fuzzy torque control strategy (FTCS) is presented for parallel hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs). Considering all components as one system, the controller receives vehicle information such as the driver command, the state of charge (SOC) of the battery, and the motor/generator speed as input to determine the torque distribution between electric motor (EM) and internal combustion engine (ICE). The simulation results reveal a potential efficiency improvement in all components especially the fuel economy by comparing with the conventional logic torque control strategy (LTCS) which uses precise threshold parameters.
This work presents the design of a hardware architecture of interval type-2 fuzzy edge detector, performing fuzzy edge detection algorithm at high fidelity to the theoretical model and robustness, at a reduced computational time through hardware design strategies as parallelism and pipelining. Edge detection is an important processes in digital processing of images, but its high computational cost limits real-time applications. Fuzzy-Edge detectors have shown better performance than conventional methods, but at an even higher computational cost. The proposed hardware architecture is adaptable to different context of contrast or brightness without modification of the structure, by means of editable registers; it is described in VHDL that is a Hardware Description Language and synthesized in the Xilinx FPGA Spartan 6 through the Xilinx ISE design platform. The described hardware architecture achieves real-time processing for up to 48 frames per second (FPS), for an image of 1280 by 720 pixels, requiring 44.2 million of Fuzzy Logic Inferences per Second (FLIPS). The proposed architecture is tested to document its processing rate, its fidelity is evaluated and compared to the theoretical algorithm, and sample fuzzy edge detection is reported under controlled perturbations.
This paper presents a novel interval type-2 fuzzy logic control architecture for flocking system when the system has noisy sensor measurements. The traditional type-1 fuzzy logic controller (FLC) using precise type-1 fuzzy sets cannot fully model and handle the uncertainties of sensor data. However, type-2 FLC using type-2 fuzzy sets with a footprint of uncertainty (FOU) produces better performances under noisy environments. In this paper, therefore, we present a reactive control architecture for flocking algorithm that is based on interval type 2 FLC to implement the flocking behaviors consisting separation, obstacle avoidance, and velocity matching behaviors. The type-2 based control system could cope with the uncertainties of noisy sensor measurements and resulted in good performances that outperformed the type-1 FLC.
In this paper, the Functional-Link based Interval Type-2 Compensatory Fuzzy Neural Network (FLIT2CFNN) is a six-layer structure, which combines compensatory fuzzy reasoning method, and the consequent part is combined the proposed functional-link neural network with interval weights. The compensatory fuzzy reasoning method uses adaptive fuzzy operations of neuro-fuzzy systems that can make the fuzzy logic system more adaptive and effective. Initially, there is no rule in the FLIT2CFNN. A FLIT2CFNN is constructed using concurrent structure and parameter learning. The advantages of this learning algorithm are that it converges quickly and the obtained fuzzy rules are more precise. All of the antecedent part parameters and compensatory degree values are learned by gradient descent algorithm. Several simulation results show that the FLIT2CFNN achieves better performance than other feedforword type-1 and type-2 FNNs.
In this paper we propose a complex fuzzy logic (CFL) system that is based on the extended Post (multi-valued logic) system (EPS) of order p >; 2, and demonstrate its utility for reasoning with fuzzy facts and rules. The advantage of this formalism is that it is discrete. Hence, it better fits real time applications, digital signal processing, and embedded systems that use integer processing units. Propositional calculus as well as first-order predicate calculus of EPS based CFL systems are developed. The application to approximate reasoning is described.
The Permanent Magnet (PM) Synchronous Motor is ideal in the field of the low power high performance servo, since it is controllable and its vigorous performance is excellent. However, the variations of moment inertia, load torque, and motor internal parameters have been a major difficulty to deal with speed control. This paper investigates the fuzzy logic controller based speed control for a vector-controlled PM synchronous motor drive. The fuzzy logic is based on the speed error and change of speed error measured between the actual motor speed and the reference speed. The robust control performance of the fuzzy logic controller is evaluated for various operating conditions using the parameters of a prototype PM synchronous motor and compared to that of conventional PI controller. The design and application of the fuzzy logic controller are considered and discussed.
Fuzzy logic and fuzzy set theory can be interesting tools for engineers when solving image processing problems. They provide a mathematical model for approximate reasoning, which mimics human reasoning and therefore can be very powerfull. In this paper we review the basic concepts of fuzzy logic and fuzzy set theory, and use these tools for the construction of a filter for random impulse noise removal in image sequences. Experimental results and a comparative study demonstrate the excellent performance of the filter and hence the power of the used tools.
In this paper, we introduce the design of T-S fuzzy control for a model car via interval type-2 Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy logic system (IT2T-S FLS). Due to type-2 fuzzy system provides additional design degrees of freedom, which enhances the capability of model uncertainty. We combine the interval type-2 fuzzy set into T-S fuzzy and demonstrate the performance of T2 T-S FLS by showing the simulated results of a model car.
In this paper, the fuzzy morphological gradients from the fuzzy mathematical morphologies based on t-norms and conjunctive uninorms are deeply analyzed in order to establish which pair of conjunction and fuzzy implications are optimal, in accordance with their performance in edge detection applications. A novel three-step algorithm based on the fuzzy morphology is proposed. The comparison is performed by means of the so-called Pratt's figure of merit. In addition, a statistical analysis is carried out to study the relationship between the different configurations and to establish a classification of the conjunctions and implications considered. Both the objective measure and the statistical analysis conclude that the pairs nilpotent minimum t-norm and the Kleene-Dienes implication, and the idempotent uninorm obtained with the classical negation as a generator and its residual implication, are the best configurations in this approach, because they also obtain competitive results with respect to other approaches.
Clustering is an effective strategy to minimize the energy consumption of nodes in energy-constrained wireless sensor networks. In clustered wireless sensor networks, the network is divided into multiple clusters, and each cluster has a coordinator called cluster head, which collects data from its cluster members and forwards it to the base station through other cluster heads. Cluster wireless sensor networks often have hot spot problems. Due to high energy consumption caused by data forwarding load, cluster heads near the base station die earlier. This kind of node death leads to the coverage loophole of the network early and reduces the life cycle of the network. Unequal clustering is a technology to solve this problem. In non-uniform clustering wireless sensor networks, the size of clusters near the base station is smaller than that far away from the base station. In the process of cluster formation, non-cluster-head nodes are generally added to nearby cluster-head nodes. In this paper, an unequal clustering protocol based on fuzzy logic and entropy weight method (FEUC) is proposed to extend the life cycle of the network. This protocol makes the network form clusters of different sizes. Fuzzy logic method is used to select cluster heads and non-cluster heads join cluster heads to form clusters. The objective entropy weight method is used to select relay cluster heads to implement multi-hop routing strategy. Mamdani method is used for fuzzy reasoning. The proposed protocol is compared with the low-energy adaptive clustering hierarchy (LEACH) protocol, the energy-aware unequal clustering fuzzy protocol (EAUCF), and the fuzzy-based unequal clustering protocol (FUCA), in all scenarios, the proposed protocol has better performance.
The paper proposes a new type-2 fuzzy logic system, Type-2 Fuzzy Probabilistic System, coupled with type-2 fuzzy probability, to deal with higher order fuzzy events with fuzzy sub-events together. The new concepts of Membership Probability Density Function (Mpdf) and ̃J-plane Representation for type-2 fuzzy set are also presented. A special Type-2 Fuzzy Probabilistic Model, Type-2 Fuzzy ARIMA, is proposed. As a proof-of-concept application, an experiment with a 36 month forecast of a real-valued problem is conducted showing some improvement over Box-Jenkins Model (SARIMA). As series of concepts and results prove, Type-2 Fuzzy Probabilistic System can be determined by fuzzy statistical evaluation of high order fuzzy events and process. This paper realises type-2 fuzzy logic systems evolving from rule-based fuzzy systems to the systems based on type-2 fuzzy probability.
In this paper, we will present the novel application of Type-2 (T2) fuzzy logic to solve a real-time pursuit-evasion game problem with the spherical droids Sphero 2.0 and BB8 (products of the Sphero company). The game scenario is constructed as the evader droid BB8 is controlled by a human user while the pursuer droid Sphero 2.0 is navigated through the game environment via the proposed T2 fuzzy pursuing system. The proposed T2 fuzzy pursuing system structure is composed of vision based localization, the error signal generator, T2 fuzzy strategy planner and the control system. The T2 fuzzy strategy planner is the key structure of the pursuing system since it generates the reference trajectories to be followed by the pursuer droid Sphero 2.0. In this paper, we have transformed design guidelines presented for T2 fuzzy logic controllers into two pursuing strategies for the first time in literature. The performances of the proposed T2 fuzzy strategies have been examined by providing comparative experimental results performed in the real-world game environment against a human user. We believe that this pioneer application of the T2 fuzzy logic in pursuit-evasion games will be an important step for a wider deployment in the research area of real world games.
Tourism is one of the activities carried out for recreation or leisure in a place with a variety of purposes and objectives. In Indonesia, many cities provide attractive tourism places, and one of them is the city of Yogyakarta. Because it has interesting and diverse tourism places, Yogyakarta is in great demand by local and foreign tourists. Thus to be able to maximize the visits of tourists who come to Yogyakarta, we need a system that is able to provide information on tourist attractions to tourists precisely in accordance with what the tourists want. The proposed system uses the Fuzzy Logic method and Floyd Warshall Algorithm which are combined, so as to obtain results in the form of recommendations for tourist attractions based on the costs of tourists, the length of time and distance needed to reach the tourist attractions.
Fuzzy logic has flexibility in defining fuzzy sets. Zadeh defined fuzzy sets for incomplete information with single fuzzy membership. The two fold fuzzy set will give more information than the single membership function. In this paper, two fuzzy set is studied with two membership functions “Belief” and “Disbelief”. The Fuzzy Certainty Factor (FCF) is difference between “Belief” and “disbelief”. The Fuzzy Certainty Factor is studied differently. The fuzzy logic and fuzzy reasoning are studied for FCF. The medical diagnosis is given as an example.
For VANET safety services a context aware system for the Automatic Crash Notification (ACN) is developed while the context aware Congested Road Notification system (CRN) is developed for the convenience services. A simple fuzzy logic model is proposed and compared to different severity estimation models deployed for both systems. The performance of the ACN models is compared using a test collection that is based on nineteen years of real life crash records associated with their severity levels while the performance of the CRN models is tested using nearly 500,000 different urban and rural freeways flow situations associated with their congestion severity levels. The non-binary Spearman correlation coefficient and the Average Distance Measure (ADM) are used to evaluate the performance of the tested models. Results show that the simple fuzzy severity estimation model has a comparable performance to more complicated systems such as the CoTEC (CoOperative Traffic congestion detECtion) fuzzy system and the URGENCY algorithm, and outperforms the binary severity estimation models for the ACN and CRN systems.
In the past decade Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems (T2 FLSs) gained increased research attention due to their potential to outperform Type-1 FLSs in applications with dynamic uncertainties. This advantage is typically attributed to the capability of T2 Fuzzy Sets (FSs) to better model the dynamic uncertainty and cope with its negative impacts. However, the accuracy, correctness and interpretation of such uncertainty modeling using the T2 FLSs have been rarely addressed or taken into account during the design of the respective fuzzy controller. The contribution of this paper is in analyzing the uncertainty modeling capabilities of the commonly used Interval T2 (IT2) FSs with uncertain parameters. In addition, a novel method for incorporating the experimentally measured input uncertainty into the design of the IT2 FLS is proposed. It is demonstrated that the novel IT2 FLS design method improves the accuracy of the input uncertainty model in the specific problem domain. As a consequence, the modeled uncertainty is then more accurately reflected in the output domain as the geometry of the typereduced centroid.
Zadeh defined fuzzy sets for incomplete information with single fuzzy membership. REN Ping has defined Generalized fuzzy set with two fold membership functions “True” and “False”. In this paper Zadeh fuzzy logic is extended to REN Ping generalize fuzzy logic for incomplete information. Generalized fuzzy logic, fuzzy inference and fuzzy reasoning are discussed using Feneralized fuzzy sets. Generalized Fuzzy Certainty Factor(GFCF) is studied as the difference of “True “ and “False” fuzzy membership functions to eliminate the conflict of evidence in Incomplete Information. The fuzzy truth variables are also discussed for Generalised fuzzy sets.
Fuzzy logic is widely applied in various applications. However, verifying the correctness of fuzzy logic models can be difficult. This extended abstract presents our ongoing work on verifying fuzzy logic models. We treat a fuzzy logic model as a program and propose a verification method based on symbolic execution for fuzzy logic models. We have developed and implemented the environment models for the common functions and the inference rules in fuzzy logic models. Our preliminary evaluation shows the potential of our verification method.
Triangulated irregular network (TIN) has been used for representing general type-2 fuzzy sets and gained some results of reducing computational complexity. In general, TIN-based algorithms are still complex and difficulty to deploy in applications. So, an approach based on refinement constraint TIN (CTIN) for representing general type-2 fuzzy set is proposed. The paper deals with the use CTIN in general type-2 fuzzy logic systems (GT2FLS). Operations are developed for general type-2 fuzzy sets. A T2FLS is designed and implemented in comparing previous approaches under an application of robot navigation.
Sometimes AI has to deal with incomplete problems. Knowledge Representation is the main component to solve the problems in AI. Various Knowledge representation techniques are available to deal with complete information in Artificial Intelligence. The Knowledge Representation is necessary to deal with incomplete information. Many theories deal with incomplete information is based on Probable (Likelihood) where as fuzzy logic is based on the commonsense and belief. In this paper Fuzzy Knowledge Representation is proposed to deal with the incomplete information. The fuzzy propositions are transformed in to fuzzy modulations and transformed in to Fuzzy Predicate Logic (FPL). The Fuzzy Automated Reasoning is studied using Fuzzy Predicate Logic. The programming in Prolog is given for FPL.
In this paper, we provide a new insight on the mappings of Interval Type-2 (IT2) Fuzzy Logic Systems (FLSs) in comparison to its Type-1 (T1) counterparts. For the sake of simplicity, we focus on Single input IT2 (SIT2) FLSs that employ the Karnik Mendel (KM) or the Nie-Tan (NT) Centre of Sets Calculation Method (CSCM). Through theoretical investigations, it is shown that there does exist an equivalent SIT2-FLS representation with a Single input T1 (ST1) FLS that uses Rational Polynomial Functions (RBFs) in their rule consequents. It is concluded that SIT2-FLSs cannot be implemented with traditional ST1-FLSs. It is also revealed that the extra degree of freedom provided by IT2 fuzzy sets and CSCM results with RBFs that can generate much more complex mapping when compared to its T1 counterparts. It is also proven that SIT2-FLSs can be seen as adaptive ST1-FLSs that are tuned via a collection of ST1-FLSs. Thus, SIT2-FLSs have adaptive feature property that does not exists in ST1-FLSs. It is also shown that the SIT2-FLS employing the KM is more complex but also capable to accommodate a much wider range of mappings when compared its NT counterpart.
Due to the Stewart Platform is high nonlinear, complexity system of uncertainty and imprecision information. So, the interval type-2 fuzzy logic system (IT2FLS) is proposed to improve the performance of the traditional limitations of type-1 fuzzy logic system T1 FLS) for coping with above control problems. Furthermore, the Karnik-Mendel (KM) algorithm is used to reduce order from interval type-2 fuzzy sets. In the same situation case, the performance of IT2FLC compare effectively with T1FLC through the command voltage signals an d the experimental results such as the step and sinusoidal t racking responses. Hence, the proposed controller is feasibility and effectiveness.
Intelligent Traffic light systems primarily focus on solving the traffic congestion problems with ever evolving algorithms. The solutions cater only to the problems based on traffic flow and density and does not include if an accident is causing the delay. There are various solutions that exist for detecting the accidents close to traffic control systems but most lack the capability to take the necessary action after the detection. This paper discusses an accident detection system based on fuzzy logic to detect an accident near a traffic light system and also provide a mechanism to ease the traffic flow with help from the Action system. The accident detection systems is based on fuzzy logic; but the algorithm used for calculation the cycle time and other parameters is based on modification of Webster Method and is called Dynamic Webster with Dynamic Cycle time (DWDC). The paper focuses in the working principles of the Accident Detection system based on the linguistic variables, membership function and the rules sets as part of the Fuzzy Logic system.
Many theories are developed based on probability to deal with incomplete information. The fuzzy logic deals with belief rather than likelihood (probability). Zadeh first defined fuzzy set as a single membership function. The two fold fuzzy sets with two membership functions will give more evidence than a single membership one. Therefore there is need of fuzzy logic with two membership functions. In this paper, The fuzzy set is defined with two membership functions “Belief” and “Disbelief”. The fuzzy inference and fuzzy reasoning are studied for “a two fold fuzzy set”. The fuzzy certainty factor (FCF) is defined as a single membership function by taking difference between “Belief” and “Disbelief”. The quantification of fuzzy truth variables are studied for “a two fold fuzzy set”. The medical expert system shell EMYCIN is given as an application of “a two fold fuzzy set”.
In fuzzy logic in wider sense, i.e. in the Held of fuzzy sets applications, t-norms got a prominent role in recent times. In many-valued logic, the LUKASIEWICZ systems, and also the product logic all are t-norm based systems. The main emphasis in the present paper is on propositional logic.
General Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems (GT2 FLSs) are an extension to Type-1 (T1) FLS where at least one Fuzzy Set (FS) is a GT2 FS. However, due to the high computational complexity of operations on GT2 FSs, GT2 FLSs have been rarely used in practical applications. Instead, Interval Type-2 (IT2) FLSs which employ constrained IT2 FSs, have been widely used. Despite their superior computational complexity, IT2 FLSs lack the expressive power of GT2 FSs when describing various sources of uncertainty. Further, it is unclear how to derive an IT2 FLS from a specific GT2 FLS. To alleviate these issues, this paper outlines a novel concept of Shadowed Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems (ST2 FLS). The ST2 FLS consists of previously proposed ST2 FSs, which are T2 FSs with secondary membership functions represented as Shadowed Sets (SSs). Because ST2 FSs are directly induced by GT2 FSs, the entire design of the ST2 FLS can be automatically derived from a specific GT2 FLS. Furthermore, the proposed ST2 FLS was shown to approximate GT2 FLS more accurately compared to IT2 FLS, while maintaining the computational efficiency of IT2 FLS.
Mutually-inversistic rough fuzzy logic is the integration of mutually-inversistic fuzzy logic constructed by the author and rough fuzzy sets. Mutually-inversistic fuzzy logic can be used to mine fuzzy association rules on the finer granule objects, while mutually-inversistic rough fuzzy logic can be used to mine fuzzy association rules on the coarser granule equivalence classes.
People becoming very conscious about their health. Universe is changing at every moment and results in seasonal variations. These seasonal variations affect on human body. Every human being having their own particular type of Prakriti from their birth. Prakriti is one type of energy to control physical and mental state of human body. Imbalance in these energies results in illnesses and different diseases. For maintaining health and prevent from any diseases, in Ayurveda diet is the best medicine. People follow different diet plans recommended from different dietician. In this paper proposed a method to recommend diet based on prakriti of person and current season and data is collected from different websites where different dieticians recommended different diet plans for different prakriti. In this paper the proposed method uses Type-2 Fuzzy Logic to handle uncertainty and Ontology is integrated with fuzzy logic to represent food knowledge. The results of the execution of the fuzzy logic which shows the efficient and accurate diet recommendation.
This letter provides a critical review of “A New Look at Type-2 Fuzzy Sets and Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems” IEEE Trans. Fuzzy Systems, and debunks its four claims.
High efficiency, high torque density, and small size increase the popularity of Brushless DC Motors (BLDCMs). BLDCMs, because of their construction, have high nonlinearities. Therefore Fuzzy Logic Controllers(FLCs) were used to control the speed and current. Two closed loops were constructed. While the inner loop has a fuzzy logic current controller, the outer loop has a fuzzy logic speed controller. The proposed method was simulated using MATLAB/SIMULINK. The objective of this paper is to analyse FLCs for BLDCMs. The number of the rules was changed and comparisons were made. Also comparisons with single loop fuzzy logic and single loop PI speed controller has given.
This research aims at finding a way to deal with the uncertain problem which has both positive evidence and negative evidence at the same time. Based on the linguistic truth-valued lattice implication algebra, we establish six-element linguistic truth-valued linguistic intuitionistic fuzzy first-order logic system. Subsequently, we present a resolution method of six-element linguistic truth-valued linguistic intuitionistic fuzzy first-order logic (6LTV_IFFL) and prove the soundness of it. Meanwhile, the step of resolution method of 6LTV_IFFL is given.
In this paper, we present a combined fuzzy logic and sliding mode to design a robust controller for the two links robot without chattering problems. This combination can reduce chattering, because the upper bound of uncertainties becomes smaller when fuzzy logic are used to model unknown nonlinear systems. The proposed strategy uses the adaptive fuzzy system Takagi-Sugeno (T-S) to approximate the dynamics of the MIMO system. The small gain auxiliary sliding mode control term is incorporated in the control law to attenuate the external disturbances and remove fuzzy approximation modeling error. The simulation results show the effectiveness of the proposed method.
This paper describes one of the approaches to the implementation of intelligent control systems based on the theory of fuzzy sets. The fuzzy logic controller is applied on the basis of universal programmable logic controllers (PLCs) and implements control procedures for a low-power electric drive. The Mamdani algorithm was chosen as the most universal fuzzy inference algorithm. The results of the operation of a fuzzy controller that controls the speed of rotation of the motor shaft are presented and analyzed. A comparative analysis of the data obtained experimentally on a PLC with the simulation results obtained in the Matlab engineering computing environment has been carried out. The expediency of using the selected method of controlling the electric motor is shown, and the features of configuring a fuzzy logic controller are demonstrated, taking into account the selected hardware platform and its limitations. The possible options of further application of the simplest hardware and software platforms in the implementation of complex control laws are identified and analyzed.
Internal environments in buildings can greatly benefit from the application of automated regulation. Such systems can lower energy consumption and boost user efficiency. Best results can be achieved through the application of a holistic approach where the buildings envelopes as well as the installed systems are regulated by an integral system for visual, thermal and ventilation parameters. In the paper an Integral Control system of Internal Environment (ICsIE) is presented and described. The system uses fuzzy logic controllers as well as conventional PI controllers linked in a cascade system. The system is installed in an occupied office of the Faculty of Civil and Geodetic Engineering (FGG) in Ljubljana, Slovenia. The system has been operational since early 2009 and is capable to regulate internal visual, thermal and ventilation parameters of the office. System efficiency has been proven through numerous experiments, one of which is also presented in the paper.
The goal of this research is to examine the possibility of utilizing fuzzy logic to evaluate the uncertainty of FAIRness level (findability, accessibility, interoperability, and reusability) of a digital resource. To date, there are no FAIRness evaluation studies based on fuzzy logic. To measure this uncertainty, we built a Fuzzy FAIR Assessment Framework (FFAF). FFAF is based on the three main steps of fuzzy logic: fuzzification, inferencing, and defuzzification. Applying the FFAF model on the FAIR data principles led to a specific FAIRness level result. Overall, this research shows that fuzzy logic is an efficient technique for evaluating the FAIRness level of a digital resource.
For the development of any organization, evaluation of performance is an important task. To analyze the performance, Das et al. introduced a ranking framework based on fuzzy logic. That framework compared the current NIRF system of Indian Institutions with the fuzzy logic-based Mamdani system, KSM index. In that study, uniform membership functions are not taken. This study will focus on the ranking system based on Mamdani and Sugeno with fuzzy triangular numbers as input values of membership functions. Also, the updated results are compared with existing NIRF systems and considered Top 20 institutions of India for the year 2019 as per NIRF.
Subject. Decoding and decision making models, methods and algorithms for elementary signals of receiving devices of distributed control systems elements. Purpose. Development, research and realization of soft decoding and decision making method for elementary signals (channel symbols) within receiving devices of distributed control systems elements based on the fuzzy logic fundamentals and methods. Methodology of research. The analysis of signals distortions by noise of different sources and forms is carried out in this paper. The ≪quasioptimum≫ receiving methods for taking account of distortions are analyzed. A condition of uncertainty often occurs at reception so it is difficult to correlate the distorted signal with any of the possible basic (transmitted) signals. The probability of the error at the same time considerably increases. The application of fuzzy sets and fuzzy logic math fundamentals for taking into account and the subsequent removal of uncertainty when decision making is offered. The elementary signals soft decoding (decision making) method based on the fuzzy sets theory and fuzzy logic methods is developed. The decision making device model with Fuzzy Logic Toolbox (MathWorks MatLab) for the offered decoding method application is developed and researched. The common block circuit of the elementary signals quasioptimum receiver is released and the algorithm of it's functioning is described. Research results. The formal description of elementary signals distortions is executed, the variables for decision making are entered. The decision making method of received symbol based fuzzy logic fundamentals is developed; input and output variables and their membership functions are defined; productional rules are formulated; defuzzyfication algorithm is offered. The common block circuit of receiving device is developed used offered decision making method for conclusion formations about received symbol. The simulation and research of the offered circuit is exec... (Show More)
In the present work, the design of controller for complete support of a rotor by Conical Active Magnetic Bearings (AMBs) is presented. These bearings eliminate the requirement of an axial AMB which results in reduction of cost and required mounting space. The presented controller is designed with the aim to reduce the requirement of exact system modelling. Fuzzy logic controller (FLC) satisfies this requirement since it can be designed by the knowledge of system behaviour or performance. However, the determination of different parameters of FLC is based on the designer knowledge and experience about the operational characteristics of the system. In the present work, efforts are made to enhance the system performance by designing the Interval Type-2 fuzzy logic controller (IT2FLC) with uncertain bound algorithm. This structure is better suited for handling parameters uncertainty. The simulations are carried out and performance of the designed controller is validated by comparing it with that of normal FLC.
Properties valid on classical theory (Boolean laws) have been extended to fuzzy set theory. Such generalizations of Boolean laws (Boolean-like laws) are not always valid in any standard fuzzy set theory and this fact induced a wide investigation. In this paper we show the conditions that the Boolean-like law x ≤ I(y; x) holds in fuzzy logic. We focus the investigation on three main classes of fuzzy implications, namely: (S,N)-, R- and QL-implications. Further, we show that the operator I satisfies this Boolean-like law if, and only if, Φ-conjugate of I also satisfies it.
This paper proposes type-1 and type-2 Takagi-Sugeno (TS) fuzzy logic controllers for autonomous mobile robot motion. Two basic behaviors have been studied and simulated: goal-seeking and obstacle-avoidance. Fuzzy logic controllers (FLC) are the robust control systems for the navigation task of mobile robot because it is encountered by imprecision and uncertainties. This paper deals with the design of autonomous robot behaviors using type-1 and type-2 fuzzy logic systems. The proposed systems are used to control a wheeled mobile robot. To show the effectiveness of the proposed fuzzy controllers, simulation results will be discussed and compared.
This paper presents a software module for working with fuzzy logic inference systems in the context of fuzzy case-based reasoning. Fuzzy logic, providing tools for describing and handling uncertainty, is an important component of engineering practice. The considered free software is used in the National Research University "Moscow Power Engineering Institute" and is implemented in the process of teaching master's degree students of "Applied Mathematics and Computer Science" in the discipline "Actual Problems of Applied Mathematics and Computer Science".
Fuzzy logic is one of the so-called polyvalent logics whose main characteristic is that it considers that the difference between concepts is not of essence but of degree. The objective is to propose the possibility of building a fuzzy epistemology and ontology from fuzzy logic assumptions. To do this, first, the structural elements of fuzzy logic will be identified. Then fuzzy ontology and epistemology will be defined. The relationships between logic, ontology and epistemology will be described and, finally, it will be concluded by presenting the assumptions on which a fuzzy ontology can be built considering that reality itself is fuzzy, as the difference between the different entities that they compose it is not of essence but of degree and that this fuzzy ontology implies in turn a fuzzy epistemology.
Supply Chain Managers in major automobile or construction industries often rely on the forecasted commodity prices to negotiate with suppliers where products are produced via respective commodity. For example, the natural rubber price is a key factor affecting cost in buying tires in automobile industries. This industrial case study proposes two commodity pricing prediction systems, Fuzzy Logic and Genetic Fuzzy Systems. By reviewing five main factors for this predictive model: (1) historical quarterly NR price; (2) the prices for crude oil; (3) China GDP growth rate; (4) synthetic rubber price index; (5) world natural rubber consumption/production ratio, the Genetic Fuzzy system outperforms the Fuzzy Logic system.
In order to use photovoltaic cell effectively and improve its photoelectric conversion efficiency, the maximum power point of photovoltaic generation system should be tracked rapidly and stably. After comparison and analysis for several kinds of frequently used maximum power point tracking control methods, fuzzy logic control method is proposed and its controller is designed. The fuzzy controller could quickly response to the changes of outside environment, keeping the photovoltaic generation system working at maximum power point all the time. The method can effectively eliminate the power oscillation around MPP and raise stability of the system. We model and simulate for a photovoltaic generation system in SIMULINK of MATLAB. The results show that the method can quickly and correctly track change of MPP in different light intensity and the system has excellent stability performance.
To improve the performance of multi-object tracking in the complex scenario with frequent occlusions and cluttered backgrounds, a novel online multi-object tracking algorithm based on fuzzy logic is proposed. In the proposed algorithm, firstly, the similarity measure of multiple features between the objects and the measurements are calculated, including the background-weighted color feature, histogram of oriented gradients feature, local binary pattern feature and spatial distance feature. Secondly, the fuzzy rule base is constructed by incorporating the expert knowledge, which can adaptively allocate the weight of each feature by using fuzzy logic. The association probabilities between objects and measurements are substituted by the weighted sum of multiple features' similarity measure, which can effectively improve the accuracy of data association. Experimental results using challenging public datasets demonstrate that the improved performance of the proposed algorithm, compared with other state-of-the-art tracking algorithms.
An interval type-2 fuzzy logic controller (IT2FLC) is proposed in this paper for the design of power system stabilizer (PSS) applied for both single machine infinite bus (SMIB) and multi machine system incorporated with an AC1A exciter. For controller design, membership functions of system variables are represented using interval value fuzzy sets. Fuzzy logic based on interval value sets is capable of modeling the uncertainty and imprecision in a better way. The proposed controller performance is compared with the optimal lead lag and optimal type-1 fuzzy logic controller respectively reference to damp the oscillations of the system. Simulation results show not only the improve performance of the proposed controller but also it is robust with respect to system parameter variations and applied disturbances. This electronic document is a “live” template. The various components of your paper [title, text, heads, etc.] are already defined on the style sheet, as illustrated by the portions given in this document.
This paper presents a hybrid algorithm that combines Fuzzy Logic Controller (FLC) and Genetic Algorithms (GA) and its application on a traffic light system. FLCs have been widely used in many applications in diverse areas, such as control system, pattern recognition, signal processing and forecasting. They are, essentially, ruled-based systems, in which the definition of these rules and fuzzy membership functions is generally base on verbally formulated rules that overlap through the parameter space. They have a great influence over the performance of the system. On the other hand, the Genetic Algorithm is a metaheuristic that provides a robust search in complex spaces. In this work, it was use to adapt the decision rules of FLCs that define an intelligent traffic light system, obtaining a higher performance than a classical FLC-based control. The simulation results yielded by the hybrid algorithm show an improvement of up to 34% in the performance with respect to a standard traffic light controller - Conventional traffic controller (CTC) -, and up to 31% in the comparison with a traditional logic FLC Controller.
It was a key technology in a disaster or an emergency situation, that the rescue materials were air-dropped to a set point exactly with the parafoil. With this background, according to the six degrees of freedom dynamic model of parafoil, combined with lateral tracking error the parafoil path tracking control strategy based on Generalized Predictive Control (GPC) was given. In order to improve the parafoil path tracking control precision, the control parameters of the GPC controller were adjusted adaptively in this paper. Thus, an interval type-2 fuzzy logic self-tuning parameters method was proposed. The lateral tracking error and the error variation were the inputs of the fuzzy controller, and the three parameters of the GPC controller were designed as the output. The feasibility, convenience and effectiveness of the proposed method were demonstrated by the experimental results.
This paper is focused on application of fuzzy logic to control an automatic irrigation system. In organic way, an experienced human farmer can manage the irrigation system by sensing soil moisture by fingertip and decide the estimated timing as well as water flow rate for irrigation. This system will do everything on behalf of human. The moisture sensor of the irrigation control system has a nonlinear response and a significant time delay; it can be difficult to get satisfactory results by using a regular feedback control system. As fuzzy logic system is able to mimic human reasoning and decision making, it can improvise the regular feedback system for decision making. Data from soil moisture sensors will be used as inputs to the system. The fuzzy control system will process the estimated soil moisture contents from multiple section of land. It will use linguistic knowledge to produce a control output that is sent to a motor, which controls the water flow rate from a static water source to the land of cultivation. The control unit will also control a pump which will fill up the source/water tank. A data set will also be used to make different output for different plants. In many researches, efficiency of the fuzzy logic control system has been measured and got the satisfactory output. Here, in our project we are going take multiple values of single type of input factor and making result by using fuzzy logic to the values.
In this paper we propose a new method based on an interval type-2 fuzzy logic system for dynamic parameter adaptation in the harmony search (HS) algorithm. The main contribution of this paper is an improvement of HS in its abilities to search in a global and local fashion, by dynamically changing some of its parameters using an interval type-2 fuzzy logic system. The fuzzy harmony search algorithm has been successfully applied to various benchmark optimization problems. Numerical results reveal that the proposed algorithm can find better solutions when compared to a type-1 FHS and other heuristic methods and is a powerful search algorithm for various benchmark optimization problems.
Time series data are ubiquitous in life, and it is necessary and meaningful to predict important time series data such as power loads. Firstly, a noval interval type-2 fuzzy logic system is proposed for time series forecasting task with strong randomness and volatility. Then, batch normalization and uniform regularization are used to optimize the proposed interval type-2 fuzzy logic system, which can further improve the generalization ability of the model and obtain better prediction accuracy. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed method is tested on two comparative experiments. The statistical results show that the proposed interval type-2 fuzzy logic system based on batch normalization and uniform regularization (IT2FLSBNUR) achieves the best forecasting effect compared with the comparative methods.
In this research study, a new speed control scheme is proposed for direct torque and flux control (DTFC) of induction motor drive (IMD) to replace the conventional constant gain PI-speed controller (PISC). The conventional PISC offers poor dynamic response of stator current, torque and motor speed under sudden change in speed or load torque disturbances. In order to improve the dynamic as well as the steady state performance and minimize the ripple contents and also motor speed drops under load torque conditions, a new Mamdani type, triangular membership function (M.F) based Type-2 fuzzy logic speed controller (T2FLSC) is proposed, which is replaced in place of PISC. The proposed Type-2 FLSC is extension of Type-1 FLSC, which is very effectively control under sudden load torque disturbances and sudden change in speed conditions. A detailed simulation results are carried out when an IMD is operating in forward and reversal motoring under no-load, load, sudden change in speed and zero speed conditions.
Interval type-2 fuzzy logic controllers (IT2 FLCs) have recently been attracting a lot of research attention. Many reported results have shown that IT2 FLCs are better able to handle uncertainties than their type-1 (T1) counterparts. A challenging question is the following: What are the fundamental differences between IT2 and T1 FLCs? Once the fundamental differences are clear, we can better understand the advantages of IT2 FLCs and, hence, make better use of them. This paper explains two fundamental differences between IT2 and T1 FLCs: 1) Adaptiveness, meaning that the embedded T1 fuzzy sets used to compute the bounds of the type-reduced interval change as input changes; and 2) Novelty, meaning that the upper and lower membership functions of the same IT2 fuzzy set may be used simultaneously in computing each bound of the type-reduced interval. T1 FLCs do not have these properties; thus, a T1 FLC cannot implement the complex control surface of an IT2 FLC given the same rulebase. We also present several methods to visualize and analyze the effects of these two fundamental differences, including the control surface, the P-map, the equivalent generalized T1 fuzzy sets, and the equivalent PI gains. Finally, we examine five alternative type reducers for IT2 FLCs and explain why they do not capture the fundamentals of IT2 FLCs.
Congestion is the most important and greatest challenge facing the transmission of data packets across computer networks. It is possible that the network congestion occurs in the transmission medium between network devices such as routers, switches etc. This paper reports on the work in progress to extend the Weighted Random Early Detection (WRED) algorithm by supplying the measured delay into its main algorithm, as the delay can be estimated based on the load factor. This will be followed by a type-2 fuzzy logic system to handle the nonlinear parameter uncertainties and obtain more satisfactory results in terms of packet loss in the event of heavy congestion. The proposed technique will use the OMNeT++ IDE and object-oriented programming.
The demand for beef consumption in Indonesia is increasing along with the increase in the human population. One of the ways to increase the cow population is through Artificial Insemination (IB) and Natural Mating Intensification (INKA). So, there is need for early identification of cow pregnancy so that the breeders can take further action more quickly. One of the fast methods to detect pregnancy in cows is using sulfuric acid. However, this method requires a high level of precision and discipline when using sulfuric acid because it is hard and can injure the skin. So, this paper presents about how to control of volume of sulfuric acid based on fuzzy logic to be applied in a detection tool of cow pregnancy using its urine. This research was conducted with the purpose of helping breeders to detect pregnant cows safely, efficiently, and easy to use. This test was carried out on CV. KARUNIA Kediri with 11 samples of cow urine. In this system there is an ultrasonic sensor to read the volume of urine in the reaction glass and keypad to enter the time of urine collection after IB. Both inputs are processed by microcontroller ATMEGA 2560 which is integrated with fuzzy logic system to activate the peristaltic pump where the length of time the peristaltic pump works determines the volume of sulfuric acid. The results showed that the application of fuzzy on volume control of sulfuric acid gave good performance. This tool works on urine volume of at least 60 ml and a maximum of 100 ml with a minimum urine collection time of 3 weeks and a maximum of 6 months after IB. Using fresh cow urine with a maximum storage limit of 1 hour after urine collection. The urine of pregnant cows will change color to purplish with a voltage value of 4.25-4.35 volt which is read by the infrared sensor. From the test result obtained, the duration of the cow pregnancy detection process is ± 2.5 minutes with 100% accuracy which has been compared with rectal palpation. (Show More)
This paper proposes a type-2 fuzzy functional inference method which extends fuzzy sets of the antecedent parts to type-2 fuzzy sets. This paper next explains that the type-2 fuzzy functional inference method can be classified to the three models: Model 1 is most common method, and Model 2 is a special case of Model 1. We show that the inference results of both Models 1 and 2 can be easily obtained from the area of fuzzy sets of the consequent parts and center of gravity. Moreover, we state that Model 3 can obtain different results compared with the simplified fuzzy inference method and T-S inference method.
Hydrogen storage system operates as the long-term storage system, which will play an important role in future smart cities. In the hydrogen storage system, fuel cell, hydrogen tanks, and electrolyzer are combined together, and they often operate with complex electrochemical reactions. How to efficiently operate the hydrogen storage system, and at the same time consider the related electrochemical reactions is a problem. On the other hand, multiple hydrogen storage systems are often grouped together to supply the demands, and to cooperate these storage systems is another complex problem. In this paper, we presented a two-dimension model of hydrogen storage based microgrid, and a combined fuzzy logic and model predictive control (MPC) method is used to cooperate the multiple storage systems. The simulation results show that the dispatched power is first allocated to hybrid storage systems considering each storage system conditions, and second scheduled to battery storage and hydrogen storage based on MPC method.
The use of the Reduced Alcohol Intake (RAI) logic model is to help monitor alcoholic addicts and help them reduce alcohol intake for a better life and improved academic performance. The purpose of this study is to use the Mamdani Fuzzy Inference System (MFIS) component, which includes the application of a T-S (Takagi-Sugeno) model-based Fuzzy Control System (FCS) and a Fuzzy Logic System (FLS) as a rule-based system (Fuzzy Control System - FCS) to assemble all inputs in the RAI model to achieve classified fuzzy outputs. As initiated in the theoretical logic model (the RAI logic model), there is a direct identification of breakpoints for a transition between phases in the model. Thus, it can be used as an AI system that is efficient to monitor and examine the progression of alcohol addicts (to know what percentage of improvement they have reached overtime). Using the T-S method, the core parameters (motivation and self-determined state) of the RAI model were analyzed to find a linear interaction between the existing variables. In this paper, the variables of motivation and self-determined state are scaled between 0 to 10 to predict the level of improvement in percentage (%).
Fuzzy Logic has become an emerging control mechanism in robotics as well as in many other streams. Hence fuzzy logic is an often-talked topic in teaching as well as learning. This paper presents a robot platform used to demonstrate applications of fuzzy logic in both teaching and learning aspects. A food serving robot is developed to demonstrate the changes in the actions of the robot based on the inputs from the environment while delivering foods and beverages. Here, the inputs from the environment are the parameters related to the navigation of the robot. Actions of the robot while serving a human user are decided based on a predefined set of fuzzy rules. These rules can be altered as preferred by the user, in order to understand complex fuzzy applications depending on the scenario. An observer would be able to understand how fuzzy rules change the perception of robot about the environment, through this demonstration. An experiment is conducted in a simulated environment in the laboratory to evaluate the behavior of this system and the results of the experiment are presented.
In this paper we introduce a Java based toolkit for the development of type-1, interval type-2 and (zSlices based) general type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems (FLSs) which is available as a free download. We describe our motivation for the release of such a toolkit in Java - to improve the accessibility to specifically type-2 FLSs to users both in industry and academia beyond the fuzzy logic research community, as well as to facilitate the application of FLSs in real world applications from web and cloud based deployments to multi-agent based control, for example in smart buildings. To the best of our knowledge it is the first package or toolkit that enables the straightforward design and implementation of type-1, interval and general type-2 FLSs. We showcase and review the toolkit's features and provide sample implementations of the different FLSs, together with explanations and source code. Finally, we conclude with future developments and a call for feedback and contributions to drive the further development of the toolkit.
In this paper, we introduce the concept of probabilistic fuzzy linguistic description to the theory of fuzzy natural logic. This is to integrate the probabilistic uncertainty to the standard fuzzy linguistic description. The focus is on the architecture and the interpretation of the proposed concept. An example is considered to illustrate how it works in practice.
Fuzzy logic controllers (FLCs) utilize fuzzy logic to convert the linguistic control strategy based on expert knowledge into an automatic control strategy. The dynamic of nonlinear processes can be easy controlled using FLCs. The paper presents a method to design the structure of a fuzzy logic controller (FLC) based on decision tables. To achieve the proposed FLC the mathematical models of the nonlinear processes are not necessary. All the FLC parameters can be on-line tuned. The performances of the proposed FLC are validated by experimental results on controlled processes with fast and slow dynamics.
In the paper, the concept of using the type 2 fuzzy logic controller for nonlinear object control was presented. The first part provides general information about type 2 fuzzy logic. Next, information about the control object was presented. As a control object, the two degree of freedom robot manipulator was chosen. In this case there are two main problems. The first one is that the object is for a rehabilitation process so the quality of the control system is very important. The next problem is with the nonlinear dynamics with the uncertain parameters of a robot manipulator. The first part of the research consisted of simulation tests. For this part, a simulation model of robot manipulator was prepared. The dynamic equations were used to build a model in MATLAB. Fuzzy logic controller was built in MATLAB too. During this research, the main problem was suitable control quality. It is very important because control quality is connected with a rehabilitation process. The control algorithms enable movement realization and obtain a set position given by the physiotherapist. The results of simulation tests include comparisons between a traditional PID controller and a fuzzy logic controller (traditional fuzzy logic controller and type 2).
In this study, four adaptive neural network based fuzzy logic controllers (ANNFL) are designed and used as two controllers in terms of interval type-2 fuzzy logic control. The new controllers are called as adaptive neural network based interval type-2 fuzzy logic controller (ANNIT2FL) and applied to a rigid-flexible robot manipulator. Initially dynamic model of the manipulator is obtained by using Lagrange equations and assumed modes method. ANNFL controllers are used for tracking and vibration control of system. The training and testing data of ANNFLs are obtained from the conventional PD control of the manipulator system. The performances of four ANFLCs are tested for different type and different number of membership functions and combined to create two ANNIT2FL controllers. Finally simulation results are obtained according to rotation and vibration control performances of ANNIT2FL controllers. Results demonstrate the remarkable performance of the proposed control technique.
Fuzzy Logic is a many valued logic and it is very similar to human reasoning which is not binary. It uses approximate measures rather than exact, making it suitable for linguistic variable and analysis. It has been applied to many applications in artificial intelligence, control and robotics. In this paper, the authors develop an artificial intelligence using multiple fuzzy logic for a dynamic multiple agent robot system. The system is made up of multiple robots with multiple identity assignment; which means that each robot will have its distinct behavior. In order to design pure fuzzy logic artificial intelligence, we used fuzzy logic block in different parallel and series configuration making giving it multiple fuzzy logic levels. Furthermore, there is multiple input - multiple output (MIMO) fuzzy logic implementation in one of our several fuzzy logic blocks, this is necessary in order to utilize pure fuzzy logic control in the whole artificial intelligence. The multi agent cooperative robot platform we choose to test our artificial intelligence is a multiple robot system for FIRA Micro-Robot World Soccer Tournament (MiroSot). In our setup, there are three robots to be assigned dynamically with three different identities; the Forward, the Back and the Goal-keeper. Robot identity assignment depends on the position of each robot with respect to the position of the ball. To tune each fuzzy logic block individually isolation is done. Some tuning procedures are performed in a simulator while most of them are tuned in the actual platform. Although tuning procedures are rigorous, the linguistic approach and human reasoning nature of fuzzy logic made it possible to achieve its completion. Overall, the proposed artificial intelligence produced favorable response based on the expected outcome and experimentations.
Real world problems have been effectively modeled using fuzzy logic that gives suitable representation of real-world data/information and enables reasoning that is approximate in nature. It is quite uncommon that the inputs captured by the fuzzy models are 100% complete and determinate. Though, humans can take intelligent decisions in such situations but fuzzy models require complete information. Incompleteness and indeterminacy in the data can arise from inherent non-linearity, time-varying nature of the process to be controlled, large unpredictable environmental disturbances, degrading sensors or other difficulties in obtaining precise and reliable measurements. Neutrosophic logic is an extended and general framework for measuring the truth, indeterminacy and falsehood-ness of the information. It is effective in representing different attributes of information like inaccuracy, incompleteness and ambiguous, thus giving fair estimate about the reliability of information. This paper suggests extending the capabilities of fuzzy representation and reasoning system by introducing Neutrosophic representation of the data and Neutrosophic reasoning system.
Eel fish (Anguilla spp.) is catadromous fish species that born in saltwater, then migrate into freshwater as juveniles were growing into adults before spawning in the ocean. In the cultivation of eels enlargement, there are several factors that affect the growth of eels, such as water salinity (salt content in water), temperature, Dissolved Oxygen, current speed, acidity, and quality of water (or the microbial content of contaminants). This work, focuses on control and monitoring of water quality for eel aquaculture, by using 3 sensors, i.e. temperature, acidity (pH), and Dissolved Oxygen (DO) and will be done by fuzzy logic algorithm. The output of the fuzzy logic controller is to decide the time interval of switches that run the blower and nano-mixing pump simultaneously to keep the eel fish aquaculture at the desired value for parameter temperature, pH, and Dissolved Oxygen.
Data mining is a process of discovering useful patterns from a large set of data. It is mostly used in large information processing applications. As we know, classification technique of data mining classifies the data into a set of classes based on some attributes for further processing. We have developed a new algorithm to handle the classification by using fuzzy rules on the real world data set. Our proposed algorithm caters in handling admission of students to various universities by classifying them into three clusters- admitted, rejected and those who probably would get the admission. To handle the third cluster, fuzzy logic based approach is appropriate. Our algorithm makes prediction for getting admission on the basis of ranking and fuzzy rules generated from the numerical data and gives output in linguistic terms. We have compared our algorithm with the state of art algorithms- KNN, Fuzzy C- means etc. Our algorithm has proved to be more efficient than others in terms of performance.
A Mobile Ad hoc Network (MANET) is a self-organizing and dynamic network of mobile nodes that does not have a fixed infrastructure. Routing protocols play a crucial role in ensuring efficient communication between nodes in MANET. The selection of Cluster Head (CH) is a critical task that affects network performance. This paper presents a comparative analysis of MANET routing protocols on CH selection using two approaches: with fuzzy logic and without fuzzy logic. The fuzzy logic approach utilizes a mathematical model to handle imprecise or vague information to determine the best CH. The without-fuzzy logic approach uses traditional mathematical models to select the CH based on different metrics. The comparative analysis reveals the effectiveness of fuzzy logic in selecting CH in MANET routing protocols and the strengths and weaknesses of each approach. This study can provide valuable insights into the performance of different MANET routing protocols and their impact on CH selection, which can help improve the overall efficiency of MANETs.
In the paper, Googol's two-wheeled self-balancing robot is used in the controller design, which is introduced based on linear parameter varying technique and variable universe type-II fuzzy method. In the control process, the linear matrix inequality is used to solve the variable universe error and error derivative gain instead of the common linear quadratic regulator technique. In the case of disturbance, the position and yaw are controlled separately, the interval type-II fuzzy logic controller with linear matrix inequality will not stable, and the robot is out of balance when the disturbance increases to a certain degree. The variable universe interval type-II fuzzy logic controller are used to alleviate this problem, two interval type-II fuzzy logic controller are presented to the whole control scheme, and the self-balancing robot could reach the desired position asymptotically, and the body upright balance purpose are kept. It is found that the variable universe interval type-II fuzzy logic controller has better anti-disturbance ability and faster response speed due to the usage of type-II fuzzy sets and linear matrix inequalities.
Edge detection is a primitive process required for any complex image processing and recognition task. This paper introduces an idea to improve the conventional edge detection methods. Type-2 fuzzy logic is used for representing uncertainty in the image gradients and aggregation. The uncertainty in the image gradients help to identify true edges which may be ignored by other edge detection techniques.
In order to improve the efficiency of color edge detection, a novel color image edge detection method based on Interval type-2 fuzzy system (IT2FSs) is presented in this paper. In the proposed method, the morphological gradient filter is used on the original images first. After that the IT2FSs edge detector is applied in each channel of the RGB color space. The proposed method is applied over a database of color images that include synthetic and real images. The performance of the proposed method is compared with the edge detection algorithms based on type-1 fuzzy systems (T1FSs). The results of our technique based on IT2FSs are observed to be better and more noise-robust than the T1FSs edge detector.
Buck converter is a DC-DC converter that serves to lower the voltage. One application of the use of buck converter is on wind turbine. The changing wind speed causes the generator output voltage to fluctuate. The problem can be solved by buck converter and its control. Buck converter can be controlled using interval type-2 fuzzy logic controller. This simulation uses Matlab 2013 with simulink module and interval type-2 fuzzy logic toolbox. The variations given are footprint of uncertainty values of ±0.1, ±0.2, and ±0.3. The type reduction uses Karnil and Mendel method and defuzzification uses Sugeno method. The best result design interval type-2 fuzzy logic controller is footprint of uncertainty values of ± 0.1. It has best transient-response specifications such as delay time of 0.314 ms, rise time of 0.864 ms, peak time of 1.094 ms, maximum overshoot of 1.5724 %, and settling time of 1.875 ms.
Different kinds of risks caused by various risk factors that a company needs to face are difficult to assess and manage since the decision makers cannot evaluate the risks systematically. A direct or indirect loss will occur as a result. Taking an express delivery service provider as an illustrative example, this study proposes a systematic approach embedded with fuzzy logic to assess the corporation's risk level. The company's risk problems are then classified into three major groups evaluated with fuzzy values in terms of the likelihood of occurrence and the severity of the consequences. By having an indication of the company's risk level, decision makers can be better aware of any changes in the environment which affect the company's risk level and hence are able to draw up preventive measures in a more rational manner.
The paper presents the difference between planning and forecasting in electrical power distribution networks. Fuzzy logic implementation in predicting electric loads in distribution networks for a day-long period is described. The main requirements toward forecasting of electric loads are taken into account and the following influencing factors are considered: the time (the hour t of the 24-hour load schedule, for which the forecast value is sought), the realized value of the load from the same hour of the previous day (for time t-24), and the climatic conditions (temperature). The structural scheme of the methodology of load predicting by applying fuzzy logic has been presented.The following fuzzy logic rules are applied: fuzzifying the input data and presenting them as membership functions; compiling the fuzzy rules base, making a conclusion about the estimated value of the load and applying defuzzification. The fuzzy output is converted into an exact number, corresponding to the estimated value of the load. The error in the day-ahead short-term forecasting of the electric load in a specific electrical distribution network (EDN) when applying fuzzy logic is within +2,4% to -1,7%. Conclusions are drawn from the application of fuzzy logic in forecasting the electric loads in an EDN for a day ahead.
In fuzzy system, fuzzy processing or inference engine is the stage where the controller analyzes and evaluates the fuzzy inputs using IF-THEN conditional statements. The IF-THEN structure is basically applicable to many types of problems and until now, this concept is still considered to be the most popular algorithms implemented. Fuzzy rule evaluation can be performed using fuzzy associative matrix (FAM) table or rule matrix. FAM table is very useful in representing the rule editor into matrix form showing all possible outputs for all possible inputs. It is often employed in system when there are two (2) fuzzy inputs with their terms logically related using AND. FAM table is heavily dependent on the number of fuzzy inputs and their corresponding membership functions. As the number of fuzzy inputs increases, the amount of computational rules also increases. With that, `mini' fuzzy associative matrix (FAM) table algorithm was introduced in the study to reduce the number of computational rules from the original FAM table of a 2-input, single-output fuzzy control system. In this study, the concept of motor speed control was used. A total of 36 rules were generated from the combination of two (2) inputs with six (6) membership functions each. Using this algorithm, the number of computational rules were reduced to 75%. Making the process very useful in simplifying fuzzy programs.
The information available to the system is incomplete in many applications like Decision Support Systems, Control Systems and Medical Expert Systems. Sometimes decision has to be taken under risk with incomplete information. Fuzzy logic deals with incomplete information with belief rather than likelihood (probability). The fuzzy set is defined with single membership function. The fuzzy set with two membership functions will give more information than single membership function. In this paper, the Fuzzy Certainty Factor (FCF) is studied as difference between fuzzy membership functions "true" and "false" for decision making. The fuzzy certainty factor is studied for fuzzy risk set. The fuzzy inference is studied. Business application is given as an application to fuzzy risk set.
Recently, it has been shown that interval type-2 fuzzy sets (IT2FSs) are more general than interval-valued fuzzy sets (IVFSs), and some of these IT2FSs can actually be non-convex. Although these IT2FSs could be considered within the general type-2 fuzzy sets' (GT2FSs) scope, this latter have always been studied and developed under certain conditions considering the convexity and normality of their secondary grades. In recent works the operations of intersection and union for GT2FSs have been extended to include non-convex and non-normal secondary grades. Hence, there is a need to develop the theory for those general forms of interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems (gfIT2FLSs) which use IT2FSs that are not equivalent to IVFSs and can have non-convex secondary grades. Furthermore, we will present the mathematical tools to define the inference engine. This work aims to introduce the basic structure of such gfIT2FLSs, paying special attention to those blocks presenting significant differences with the already well known type-2 FLSs which employ IT2FSs which are equivalent to IVFSs (we will term IVFLSs).
This paper presents an overview of how fuzzy logic can be employed to model intelligent bio-environments. It explores how non-invasive monitoring techniques, combined with sensor fusion, can be used to generate a warning signal if a critical event within the natural environment is on the horizon. The honeybee hive is presented as a specific example of an intelligent bio-environment that unfortunately, under certain indicative circumstances, can fail within the natural world. This is known as Colony Collapse Disorder (CCD). The paper describes the design of a fuzzy logic methodology that utilizes input from non-invasive beehive monitoring systems, combining data from dedicated sensors and other disparate sources. An overview is given of two fuzzy logic approaches that are being explored in the context of the beehive, a fuzzy logic system and an Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS).
Recent years have witnessed a widespread in the use of interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems (IT2 FLSs) in real-world applications. It has been shown recently that interval type-2 fuzzy sets (IT2 FSs) are more general than interval-valued fuzzy sets (IV FSs) [1]. Hence, there is a need to explore the capabilities of the more general forms of IT2 FSs (beyond IV FSs) and the applications areas they will be more suitable for. In addition, there is a need to develop the theory of the general forms of IT2 FLSs (gfIT2 FLSs), which employ IT2 FSs that are not equivalent to IV FSs and can have nonconvex secondary membership functions (MFs). Although these systems could be considered within the scope of general type-2 FLSs (GT2 FLSs), the practical implementation of GT2 FLSs has traditionally required the secondary MFs to be convex and normal type-1 fuzzy sets (T1 FSs). In addition, the type-reduction operation still presents a challenge for GT2 FLSs because of its computational complexity. In this paper, we present a complete framework for a type-2 FLS that uses the most recent perception of IT2 FSs (the so called general forms of interval type-2 fuzzy sets, gfIT2 FSs), whose secondary grades can be nonconvex T1 FSs. This framework includes new equations for the meet and join operations of gfIT2 FSs, as well as a new type reduction procedure for the type-2 FLS involving gfIT2 FSs. In addition, we present the type-2 FLS operation for singleton and nonsingleton fuzzification. We will introduce the various operations employed within a gfIT2 FLSs, from fuzzification (including singleton and nonsingleton) to inference, type-reduction, and defuzzification. We will also present two examples in which these gfIT2 FSs arise naturally when modeling sonar sensors input noise and the antecedents/consequents from a survey including different users.
Voltage stability analysis has been highly concerned by researchers. However, probabilistic techniques cannot handle fuzzy factors in power system. In this paper, a voltage stability analysis method based on adaptive fuzzy logic with consideration of random factors of loads is proposed. System states are classified, fuzzy mathematical model and fuzzy voltage indexes are established, and voltage stability of power system is analyzed. Finally, this method is applied to IEEE 14-bus test system by a simulation in MATLAB.
This paper is about an automatic chicken chicks' Banda temperature and humidity controller, which uses the environmental conditions to measure and control the cage humidity and temperature. A mathematical model of the system is developed, a prototype humidity and temperature controller using Arduino/display unit is designed and MATLAB simulation of neuro fuzzy logic to analyze the behavior. The results depict that the temperature and humidity varies between 29°C to 32°C and 45 to 48 % respectively. The response of the prototype is able to act with energy saving of 3800J in 200 seconds. The issue of high cost incurred in energy consumption is addressed hence contribution to sustainable food and nutritional security by ensuring huge supply of healthy chicks using less energy and power. The energy cost was studied and it resulted into great saving with remarkable improvement in efficiency. The optimum performance of the chicken Banda is realized.
In this paper we propose an effective method to design a Single-Input Single-Output (SISO) Unnormalized Interval Type-2 Takagi-Sugeno-Kang (TSK) Fuzzy Logic System (UIT2FLS) for noisy regression problems based on multi-source knowledge which includes here the information from sample data and the prior knowledge of bounded range, symmetry and monotonicity. The sufficient conditions are given which ensure that the prior knowledge can be embedded into the UIT2FLS, and then the UIT2FLS is designed so that the target function can be approached as accurately as possible via constrained least squares algorithm. The performance of the UIT2FLS is verified through comparisons with unnormalized type-1 Fuzzy Logic Systems (FLSs) and normalized interval type-2 FLSs under three different noisy circumstances. Simulation results verify the correctness of the sufficient conditions, and demonstrate that the UIT2FLS has the best overall performance.
Networked Control Systems are used for controlling remote plants via shared data communication networks such as Ethernet. These systems have found many applications in industrial, medical and space sciences fields. However there are some drawbacks in these systems, which make them challenging to design. One of the most common problems in these systems is the stochastic time delay. Packet switching in internet brings about the randomly varying delay time and consequently makes these systems instable. Convenient controllers such as PID and PI type controllers which are just match with a constant delay time could not be a solution for these systems. Fuzzy logic controllers due to their none-linear characteristic which is compatible with these systems are potentially a wise option for their control purpose. Fuzzy logic controller could become adaptive by means of neural networks and beneficial to deal with the varying time delay problem. Further, they do have more capabilities to tackle packet dropouts and dynamically system variables. This paper introduces a novel control method which addresses the time delay varying problem effectively. This novel method suggests an online adaptive fuzzy logic controller which have been controlled and adapted through the neural network. This designed controller is applied to an AC 400 W servo motor as a remote plant in order to position control it via Ethernet. The measurement of round-trip time (RTT) is used to estimate the online time delay as a parameter in online adaptive fuzzy logic controller. The rule-based table of designed fuzzy logic controller rotates in relation to this estimated time delay. The value of rotating is obtained from a trained neural network. Comparison of results from simulations of different controllers and their comparison indicate that this novel designed controller provides a better performance over the varying time delay. The proposed method follows the input easily, despite classical methods which resul... (Show More)
The speed of the DC motor can be adjusted to a great extent so as to provide easy control and high performance. There are several conventional and numeric types of controllers intended for controlling the DC motor speed and executing various tasks: PID Controller, Fuzzy Logic Controller; or the combination between them: Fuzzy-Swarm, Fuzzy-Neural Networks, Fuzzy-Genetic Algorithm, Fuzzy-Ants Colony. We describe in this paper the use of Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) for designing an optimal fuzzy logic controller of a DC Motor. In this case, our approach will optimize the membership functions of a fuzzy logic controller (FLC) using PSO and the obtained results were simulated on Simulink of Matlab.
A novel method for speed control of brushless dc motor using adaptive fuzzy logic and PI control algorithms has been presented in this paper. Fuzzy logic and PI controllers are formulated and designed using MATLAB toolbox. The parameters such as rise time, peak overshoot, recovery time, settling time and steady state error of a brushless DC motor are taken for analyzing the performance of the proposed controller. The simulation result demonstrated that the response of brushless dc motor with adaptive fuzzy logic shows satisfactory and well damped performance compared to classical PI controller.
Compared with type-1 fuzzy sets, interval type-2 fuzzy sets have stronger ability to deal with uncertainty. In this paper, the semi-tensor product approach is used to study interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems (IT2 FLSs). Firstly, the semi-tensor product of matrix is extended to interval matrix. Secondly, using the semi-tensor product algorithm, IT2 FLS is improved, and a new IT2 FLS is designed. Finally, its effectiveness is tested by simulation. The simulation results demonstrate that the designed IT2 FLS has a similar control effect to the conventional IT2 FLS, and can effectively simplify the fuzzy reasoning process of the multi-input multi-output systems.
This work proposes a fuzzy logic controller aimed to calibrate a digital microscope camera in order to improve the detection of an area stained with safranin in a biological reference sample. The proposed method modulates the acquisition parameters of the device in order to avoid the impact of external noise, which can produce contradictory results in a test-retest validation of the same standard sample. The tests performed show that the proposed method improves the performance of the computational algorithms that aim to detect safranin in microscope images in the presence of varying lighting scenarios and noise. The results were obtained by measuring the correlation between the levels of safranin obtained by chemical tests (Klason test) and those obtained by the detection algorithm. The Pearson correlation coefficient was employed, achieving an average value of 0.7324 without the calibration process and 0.9756 with the utilization of the calibration process that incorporated the fuzzy logic controller.
Epoxy resins are insulators, which are employed as adhesives, coatings, sealants, moldings and potting compounds to provide void-free insulation for components in several electrical and electronic applications. Prediction methodology for the lifetimes of epoxy resins insulators under service conditions is of great importance and requires reliable laboratory work and experimental techniques. The objective of this work is to apply fuzzy logic algorithm for the prediction of lifetime of epoxy insulators. The prediction is achieved by measuring the surface leakage current under accelerated aging in laboratory. The base case of the epoxy insulators in this study is no filler and dry condition. Fillers are then added with different concentration rates to the insulators and the effect on lifetime is examined under various weather conditions and compared to the base case. The obtained simulation results using two fuzzy logic membership functions are compared with the experimental measured data The impact of the characteristics of modeling membership function (trapezoidal or triangular) and the number of functions partitions on the error rate is illustrated using Matlab fuzzy logic Toolbox.
In interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems (IT2-FLSs), the inference engine outputs are type-2 fuzzy sets, and type reduction (TR) is needed to convert them into a type reduced set. Recently, researchers have proposed many efficient TR algorithms to find the boundary of the type reduced set, but they don't have an effective scheme to obtain the defuzzified crisp output. In this paper, we propose an optimal TR method, which searches the optimal point from the type reduced set as a defuzzified output. In order to demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed method, simulations and comparisons are given. Simulation results show that the designed interval type-2 fuzzy logic controller (IT2-FLC) can smoothly achieve backing up control of the mobile robot from all initial positions.
Scientific and technological progress affects all areas of human activity. Application of modern technologies in production leads to delegating human functions to equipment and automatic devices. Automation allows to partially or completely relieve human from the execution of cyclic processes and processes performed according to a strictly specified algorithm. The paper describes the use of fuzzy logic control for the high-level control systems of the Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV), using in the mechanical engineering. One of the primary functions of AGVs is the automatic motion planning required for their autonomous navigation. A mathematical model of fuzzy control of the AGV was developed by software control of the electric motor powerof the AGV depending on the speed and distance to the obstacle in order to achieve smooth and precise stopping. The Mamdani algorithm is proposed and implemented in the MATLAB software product as a fuzzy inference algorithm. The rules of the fuzzy inference system are formulated based on the knowledge and experience of experts, as well as modeling the operator's work. Formalization of the description of the speed of AGV, the distance to the obstacle and the electric motor power are carried out by specifying of linguistic variables. The proposed mathematical model can be used in the design of control systems for other types of AGVs.
Power transformer is very important part of power system and its proper working results in to reliability of power supply. Hence its frequent monitoring is required to avoid failure and it is related to internal fault. It impacts on economics of electricity distribution franchisee. There are numbers of techniques developed and all are dependent on the expert's opinion, which may lead error in the interpretation of various tests. It contents the fuzzy logic tool developed to show the correct stage of internal fault. The electrical, mechanical and thermal faults are considered existing in the transformer. It uses the test data of Dissolved Gas Analysis (DGA), SFRA (Sweep frequency response analysis) and Total Dissolved Gas Analysis (TDCG) to reduce the misinterpretation. It also indicates the existing conditions of partial discharge, oil thermal, electrical arc, Break down Voltage (BDV), mechanical deformation of core and winding. This system has eleven fuzzy logic controllers and are arranged to connect as per technical conditions. It results in highly precise to identify the situation of transformer and identify the existing condition.
This manuscript presents the application of interval type-2 fuzzy logic sets for the control of a twin-rotor multiinput multi-output (MIMO) system (TRMS). As such, accurate tracking with robustness to structured/unstructured uncertainties is achieved. Unlike other control methodologies, no prior knowledge of the system dynamics and/or parameters is needed. Simulation results of different TRMS configurations illustrate the performance of the control scheme in transient and steady- state conditions. Furthermore, the proposed interval type-2 fuzzy control strategy is compared against its type-1 counterpart.
In this paper, we will present a wider view on the relationship between interval-valued fuzzy sets and interval type-2 fuzzy sets, where we will show that interval-valued fuzzy sets are a particular case of the interval type-2 fuzzy sets. For this reason, both concepts should be treated in a different way. In addition, the view presented in this paper will allow a more general perspective of interval type-2 fuzzy sets, which will allow representing concepts that could not be presented by interval-valued fuzzy sets.
This paper presents space vector PWM (SVPWM) technique for Scalar Control of induction motor drive, SVPWM gives the lower ripples in current and voltage with low torque distortion, further the switching losses are reduced for a given switching frequency due to single switching transition takes place in each state of the vector. The PI-control (PIC) doesn't give the good dynamic performance of the induction motor drive using two level Voltage Source Inverter due to sudden changes in the load and speed. Further to improve dynamic performance in the torque and Flux of induction motor drive is simulated using type-2 fuzzy logic control, which is replaced by PI-Control. The concept of type-2 fuzzy set was initially proposed is an extension of classical (type-1) fuzzy sets. Type-2 fuzzy sets are very useful in circumstances where it is difficult to determine an exact membership function for a fuzzy set; hence they are very effective for dealing with uncertainties. However, type-2 fuzzy sets are more difficult to understand than type-1 fuzzy sets. Even in the face of these difficulties, type-2 fuzzy logic has found applications in many fields like decision making in critical load.
In this paper, we develop a hybrid watermarking scheme using fuzzy logic to obtain optimal parameters based on Contourlet transform domain. Depending on type of application; the results will be affected if these parameters don't match with its requirements. In order to getting a flexible operation and discovering knowledge's experts, we use linguistic variables, fuzzy logic. We deploy the fuzzy logic control system that defines fuzzy parameters for each application. Our approach improves the performance of the watermarking technique by comparing to other techniques and showing in experimental results.
With the development of technology and the increasing number of consumer needs, the storage process must be faster to support the process of storing goods. In this study, the automatic goods storage system uses the Fuzzy logic method. The goal is to speed up the process of storing goods and maximizing a fast production process. The results of design and research using the fuzzy logic method in the automatic goods storage system produce color. The test was carried out 5 times on the light conditions in the room and 5 times on the light conditions outside the room, with the results that the system and tools can work correctly on the 10 trials
The growth of nonlinear load became a massive issue that might affect the system’s stability. This research study will focus on an enhanced current technique that employs a fuzzy interface in conjunction with a HSAPF (Hybrid Shunt Active Power Filter and is applied to a non-linear load. The use of fuzzy logic control overcomes the challenging problem of controller parameter tuning and proves the system’s stability using Clarke’s stability definition. A hybrid filter, which is a mix of active and passive filters, is used to make the whole system cost-effective. In terms of source current harmonics, it is discovered that the these above filter actually works significantly. Finally, a comparison of two other techniques, such as a hybrid filter with interval type-2 fuzzy logic and a hybrid filter, is conducted, with the latter configuration outperforming the typical active power filter. In IEEE std-519-1992, the identical model was simulated with both perfect and distorted supply conditions, and it was discovered that the latter arrangement produces better results than the former.
Technological advances that occur today also have an impact on the development of technology in the world of robotics, on the world scale there is an international scale research organization called Robocup which focuses on the development of soccer robots. The RoboCup organization itself has a vision and goal to build a football robot team that will be competed with the winners of the world cup in 2050. The Robocup Competition has several divisions, one of which is the Middle Size League (MSL) which matches the wheeled soccer robot. The wheeled soccer robot itself has various abilities such as searching the ball, determining the goal point, avoiding the opponent, feed the ball to a friend s robot until the execution process kicking the ball into the opponent's goal. The ability to kick the ball is something that must be possessed by a soccer robot. The focus of this project is to create a new kicker system to be able to improve the ability to kick the ball on the wheeled soccer robot which is then controlled using the implementation of the fuzzy logic controller method, the method serves as the controller of a system or process by using fuzzy logic as a way of making decisions, so robots can kick with variations in distance and height of the ball that has been determined. The decision-making process with fuzzy logic was then given two inputs namely the falling ball distance and the height of the ball which is processed with a fuzzy logic method then produces an output power of kicking and touch angle kicker with the ball. The power of the kick is divided into 5 parts, namely very slow in the numbers 0 - 170 RPM, slow is in the numbers 180-220 RPM, middle 230-270 RPM, fast in numbers 280 - 320 RPM, and very fast in numbers 330 - 400 RPM. With maximum kick power and kicker angle of 50 o produces a maximum distance of 110 cm and a maximum height of 30 cm, the minimum distance that can be taken is 10 cm and a minimum height of 1 cm with a speed of 200 RPM and kicker a... (Show More)
This paper propose a genetic based fuzzy logic controller to regulate the speed of separately excited DC motor. The fuzzy membership function and rules are optimized based on genetic algorithm. The DC motor speed control system is modeled and simulated in MATLAB/SIMULINK. Simulation results show that the optimized fuzzy logic controller not only has no overshoot, minimum settling times and vibrations, but also demonstrate high performance for real-time control over a wide range of operating conditions.
This paper presents a new approach based on fuzzy reasoning; logic in order to have a better evaluation of the student's school or college. The ability to predict the performance of the students is an important issue for both the students and the university. A more appropriate and accurate assessment, it helps to have a better understanding of the necessary education and training to the students which helps the students to get a better performance, not only academic, but also in other areas of life. In this system, fuzzy logic, this means that the student takes the assessment; the performance should be a reasonable and acceptable performance in front of him. The previous methods that can be used to estimate only the most recent data available, that is, the prediction was not accurate, it is compared with the fuzzy logic approach. In the present system, the fuzzy logic is good enough to be dominated by the old ways. This paper describes a new approach for the prediction of the normal learning process and the learner's behavior, which can be easily accessible and easy to interpret.
In this study, a Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Controller that directly generates the necessary control signals is used to achieve the trajectory tracking control of an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). The proposed control scheme takes the quadcopter’s divergence from the given trajectory and its derivative as inputs. A type-1 fuzzy logic controller is also designed and implemented on the quadcopter to assess the performance of the type-2 controller. Real-time flight experiments are conducted for a skewed circular trajectory. The results of these experiments show that the type-2 fuzzy controller provides better transient and steady-state response compared to a conventional fuzzy controller.
It is proposed to modify the RIP protocol by increasing the number of parameters to calculate metrics such as allowance for the load factor, speed and acceleration load factor change the output buffer. The present paper is devoted to fuzzy controllers, which generate control action on the base of fuzzy logic. The details of the routing process modeling according to the loading of output buffer storage are discussed. The obtained dependence of the lost packets fraction on the input intensity is given. It is shown that accounting for buffer loading increases the efficiency of their use and can significantly affect the function of the telecommunications network.
Based on the idea of fuzzy control to solve the collision avoidance problem in the path planning of mobile robots, so that the robot can quickly and accurately find a collision-free path in the dynamic environment, and finally reach the target point. For the given dynamic environment, a fuzzy control is designed Based on the determination of the input and output variables of the fuzzy controller and the respective language values, the corresponding fuzzy Control rules. The research results show that the path planning of mobile robots based on fuzzy logic algorithms in the dynamic environment designed in this paper is effective.
In this work, we study speech analysis techniques to classify phoneme using a method of fuzzy logic. The used techniques are Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficient (MFCC), Perceptual Linear Prediction (PLP) and RelAtive SpecTrAl-Perceptual Linear Prediction (RASTA-PLP). The fuzzy logic method is characterized by three fuzzy reference vectors: the maximal vector, the mean vector and the minimal vector. To classify a phoneme request, we calculate the degree of membership of this phoneme to all classed of the base of phonemes. The class of phoneme request is them the one which maximizes one degree of membership calculated according to reference vectors. For evaluation, a comparative study was operated to fix on the most perfect features extraction technique used.
In this article, the writers suggested a scheme for analyzing the optimum crop cultivation based on Fuzzy Logic Network (Implementation of Fuzzy Logic Control in Predictive Analysis and Real Time Monitoring of Optimum Crop Cultivation) knowledge. The Fuzzy system is Fuzzy Logic's set. By using the soil, temperature, sunshine, precipitation and altitude value, the scheme can calculate the output of a certain crop. By using this scheme, the writers hope farmers can boost f arm output. This, thus will have an enormous effect on alleviating economical deficiency, strengthening rate of employment, the improvement of human resources and food security.
The query tuning, which is mostly found in the syntax semantics of fuzzy logic inference algorithms, uses the query syntax of the boolean data type. Fuzzy logic inference is converted using AND and OR operators to connect variables so that it can arrange criteria according to the wishes of the user. The preparation of multi-criteria for each fuzzy and non-fuzzy variable causes a lot of "rule-base" semantics, all of which will not occur. This results in an input platform for output that matches the criteria that the user wants, using a large storage capacity. The purpose of this research is to propose different tuning queries for fuzzy logic tuning queries. The query tuning proposed in this study uses virtual memory as a platform to display information according to the user's wishes. The semantics used are according to the syntax of the fuzzy logic membership set theory formula, which is processed directly in virtual memory without operators: AND, OR, NOT.
This paper is concerned with the problem of type-2 fuzzy adaptive inverse control for a cable-driven parallel system. Based on the heuristics and prior knowledge of the system, the system is divided into six subsystems. The proposed control scheme for each subsystem contains a forward model and a fuzzy adaptive inverse controller (FAIC), which are expressed by an interval type-2 fuzzy nonlinear autoregressive exogenous (NARX) model, respectively. To construct the antecedents of the interval type-2 fuzzy NARX forward models and FAICs, the monotonic property of the fuzzy NARX model is first proved, and then, their antecedent parameters can be determined by this property. Furthermore, the consequent parameters of the forward models are computed offline via a constrained least squares algorithm, and the consequent parameters of the FAIC are adjusted online via a recursive least squares algorithm. Experiment results are provided to show that the proposed type-2 fuzzy control scheme can realize the control objectives and achieve a good control performance.
Artificial intelligence has been used in electrical power industry for many decades. An important application may be in the area of incipient fault diagnosis and condition assessment of power equipment. As power transformer is one of the most valuable assets in power network, it is vital to determine its defects before they develop catastrophic failures. Currently, the most widely utilised technique for on-line diagnosis of transformers may be dissolved gas analysis (DGA) of transformer oil. There are many interpretative methods based on DGA results to diagnose the incipient faults, such as the International Electric Committee (IEC) ratio codes, Roger's and Dornenburg's methods, which were developed from intensive investigations on gases generated from individual faults. These methods, however, sometimes fail to diagnose, especially when more than one fault exist in a transformer. Based on the previous work on a fuzzy logic three-gas-ratio method, this paper presents a new fuzzy logic technique using four gas ratios in the fuzzy logic analysis. Application of this new method on a number of transformers has proved that the diagnostic accuracy is significantly improved. This method could give a more reliable assessment of transformer conditions which will help utilities to make a decision in terms of repair, replacement or refurbishment of a transformer in doubt.
Recent technologies facilitated the use of online transactions and e-commerce as well as simplifying the payment process. In contrast, new fraud patterns are emerging which have many methods, styles and types. The fraud crimes cost financial institutions hundreds of millions of dollars annually which affects the institution financial situation and the customers' confidence. On the other hand, the detection of fraud is very complicated process since the legitimate and fraudulent transactions are similar and it is difficult to differentiate between them as the fraud style is not always same. Hence, there is a need for novel techniques which can detect fraud and adapt to their changing patterns. In this paper, we present our work which is still in progress, to develop intelligent adaptive type-2 fuzzy logic based systems which can detect fraud in financial system. The proposed system is a transparent approach which can learn from data models that could be easily read, analyzed and interpreted by the fraud experts. In addition, the proposed system is adaptive, and it updates itself regularly with patterns which can contain new fraud behaviors. We will focus mainly on credit card fraud and then try to generalize the work to other kinds of fraud.
A tridimensional fuzzy pain assessment for representing professional, social, and sexual aspects concerned to the fifth vital sign of medical condition is proposed in this paper. According to the 3D fuzzy pain assessment herein, pain is not only caused by activity in nociceptive information in the brain. The proposed approach embodies such sensorial information simultaneously that contextualize it within cultural aspects that permeate the human life. This paper extends both previous unidimensional fuzzy pain intensity scale and the accepted professional-social-sexual pain assessment to fuzzy inference systems. The fuzzy professional-social-sexual pain assessment is able to represent the inherent physiological, psychological characteristics by taking into account the emotional, complex perceptual, subjective, and personal phenomenon involving all domains of an individual meanwhile can deal with cultural mechanisms within individual life experience. According to the proposed approach, not only fuzzy set theory but fuzzy systems can also direct and immediately improve medicine and healthcare in general, and pain assessment, in particular, in a subjective and multi-dimensional model.
A method based on Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems (IT2FLSs) for combination of different Support Vector Machines (SVMs) in order to bearing fault detection is the main argument of this paper. For this purpose, an experimental setup has been provided to collect data samples of stator current phase a of the induction motor using healthy and defective bearing. The defective bearing has an inner race hole with the diameter 1-mm that is created by the spark. An Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Fusion Model (IT2FFM) has been presented that is consists of two phases. Using this IT2FFM, testing data samples have been classified. A comparison between T1FFM, IT2FFM, SVMs and also Adaptive Neuro Fuzzy Inference Systems (ANFIS) in classification of testing data samples has been done and the results show the effectiveness of the proposed ITFFM.
The inclusion of footprint of uncertainty (FOU) in Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems (IT2FLSs) made them suitable for modelling uncertainty. This paper investigates the impact of FOU size and number of membership functions (MFs) on the model's prediction performance. An IT2FLS trained using a fast learning method is designed here. The uncertainty in data is captured by designing the IT2FLS with different sizes of FOU. The concept of extreme learning machine (ELM) is then used for optimal tuning of IT2FLS consequent parameters. The designed model is applied to the chaotic time series prediction. During simulation it is observed that the increase in FOU size with the increase in number of MFs give better prediction results.
In this paper a new method for response integration, based on generalized type-2 fuzzy logic, in modular neural networks (MNNs) is presented. The main idea is that the uncertainty in combining the outputs of the different modules in the MNN can be handled in a better way by using type-2 fuzzy logic. Previous works have considered using interval type-2 fuzzy logic for this task, but in this paper we are proposing the use of generalized type-2 fuzzy logic to improve the overall results of MNNs. The new method was tested with the problem of face recognition, showing that generalized type-2 fuzzy logic outperforms other approaches for the same task.
This paper presents an edge detection method based on morphological gradient technique and generalized type-2 fuzzy logic. The theory of alpha planes is used to implement generalized type-2 fuzzy logic. For the test we used the method of defuzzification by height and approximation. The simulation results were obtained with a type-1 fuzzy inference system (T1FIS), an interval type-2 fuzzy inference system (IT2FIS) and with a generalized type-2 fuzzy logic (GT2FIS). The proposed type-2 fuzzy edge detection method was tested with benchmark images and synthetic images. We used the merit of Pratt measure to illustrate the advantages of the use of generalized type-2 fuzzy logic.
This paper proposes a multi-mode vehicle terminal based speed adaptive vertical handoff policy in vehicular heterogeneous networks. The proposed vertical handoff algorithm uses speed adaptive policy in the network discovery phase, which overcomes the drawbacks of the fixed, single network discovery methods by using RSS, raises candidate network sets update rate and improves the network discovery time of high-speed mobile terminals. Moreover, a handoff decision algorithm based on type-2 fuzzy logic is proposed, which takes into account a variety of access network and user properties, selects the network with the maximum satisfaction value as the best handoff network. Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm can effectively improve the network update speed, lower network blocking probability, and assure the effectiveness and fairness of handoff compared with traditional vertical handoff based on type-1 fuzzy logic algorithm.
In recent days, the major problem in the roads we face is due to lack of maintenance of traffic control. The traffic management in the urban communities requires appropriate arrangements and administration activity on the grounds that there is an enormous movement issue there. Lesser the streets and more are the vehicles. Along these lines activity is to be kept up in light of the fact that it influences the nation personals straightforwardly. There are numerous accidents and different sorts of lethal occurrences that are brought on by the inappropriate activity control framework. Keeping in mind the end goal to limit the street accidents and to protect the general population's lives, the traffic control system is intended to guarantee the security of the drivers and personals. This paper depicts a design of Fuzzy Logic Controller for a traffic control system. Finest signal settings can be fixed while fares of the trip and system flow are in balance. This problem can be considered as a nonlinear mathematical system with equilibrium constraints. Here, the performance of the system can be defined as a function of signal setting variables. In genuine figuring atmosphere, the data is not finished, exact and definite, creating extremely hard to infer a real choice. To manage handling and displaying data, fuzzy systems are connected to practice the correct termination. This manuscript concentrates on the essentials of Fuzzy Logic and its purpose in Rule Based Systems to make them proficient to hold this current certainty problems. In addition, a traffic activity control framework is projected and assessed utilizing MATLAB.
Data is frequently characterised by both uncertainty and seasonality. Type-2 fuzzy sets are an extension of type-1 fuzzy sets offering a conceptual scheme within which the effects of uncertainties in fuzzy inferencing may be modelled and minimised. Complex fuzzy sets are type-1 fuzzy sets extended by an additional phase term which permits them to intuitively represent the seasonal aspect of fuzziness in time-series applications. Type-2 fuzzy sets take two forms, generalised, and the simpler interval. Interval-valued fuzzy sets are type-1 fuzzy sets whose behaviour and properties are equivalent to interval type-2 fuzzy sets. This paper is concerned with the combination of interval-valued fuzzy sets and complex fuzzy sets to develop interval-valued complex fuzzy sets, an adaption of complex fuzzy sets such that the membership function assigns each point on the domain to an interval. From the definition of the interval-valued complex fuzzy set, the principles of interval-valued complex fuzzy logic are developed.
This paper presents optimization technique to develop type-2 fuzzy systems (FSs) through hybrid genetic algorithms (HGAs). The proposed optimization technique works as follows: (i) Optimize the type-2 membership functions (ii) Learn the rule base through genetic algorithms (iii) Apply the reducing technique to reduce the rule base. (iv) Build the FSs based on type-2 membership functions and the reduced rule base. For concurrently works step (i) and (ii), we used real and binary coded coupled GAs for the optimization technique. Real coded GAs is used to tune the type-2 membership functions and binary coded GAs is used to learn and reducing the fuzzy rules. For intelligent control of a two degree freedom inverted pendulum system, the control algorithm is used. Finally, the simulation studies show that the generated controller performance is better and comparable to the existing methods under normal conditions.
In Pakistan, 70% of the population lives in villages, where the source of income depends upon agriculture, livestock, and poultry sheds. In order to produce maximum meat, milk and other products one should have to focus on the growth of the animals. There are some crucial factors like the temperature, humidity level and suitable air flow in the shed to remove waste gasses. These factors are monitored by using Mamdani model based upon fuzzy logic technique to improve growth of animals. The main objective of this research is to design a controller and check out its simulation results to produce the most suitable results for the environment control of livestock sheds. The output parameters to control these inputs are Water sprinkler (Ws), Exhaust fan (Exf) and Auto Curtains (A.C). In this research, we focused on the Mamdani method in fuzzy logic to design fuzzy logic controller (FLC) to control the environmental parameters of a live stock shed in order to provide the most suitable conditions for the growth of animals.
A new approach to mixed-signal circuit interfacing based on fuzzy logic models is presented. Due to their multi valued rather than two valued logic, fuzzy logic linguistic D-A models offer a considerable improvement as compared to the classical D-A interface models. The interface presented in this paper is a data converter which processes two bit input Digital signals and outputs Analog signal. The scope for noise margin at the inputs has been considered and is examined using Gaussian Noise. The Mamdani and Zero order Sugeno inference algorithms for linguistic modeling have been utilized and their implementations are illustrated using MATLAB package. The results of the two inferences show quite similar behavior but when tested under noise Sugeno Inference system shows better results as compared to Mamdani type FIS.
Aiming at working out the problem of existing load balancing algorithms that failed to consider the requirements of different types of services sufficiently in heterogeneous wireless networks, a new load balance scheduling algorithm was proposed in this paper. Firstly, three utility functions were designed to reflect three implementation-specific aspects, including the effective bandwidth, real-time calls blocking rate and the average non-real-time calls transmission time as per the needs of different types of services combined with the actual performance of each available network in heterogeneous wireless networks. Further, a fuzzy logic algorithm was adopted to fulfill the fuzzy decision of three utility functions above. Finally, we adjusted the load of each network according to the fuzzy decision value to achieve equilibrium. Simulation results showed that the proposed load balancing algorithm performs much better than reference algorithms with respect to the system blocking probability, average transmission time and network load rate equalization.
Thousands of people die every year because of cancer due to limitation of medical sources and unable to use the existing sources effectively. Loss of patients can be reduced by using the numerical (quantitative) techniques in the system of Medical and Health. Cancer is a genetic disease which is developed by the abnormal cell increase and cell growth as a result of DNA damage and cells being out of the Program. The earlier cancer is diagnosed, so the treatment would be that successful. In this study, the risks of getting cancer for selected pilot people will be discovered by applying the mamdani Fuzzy Logic Model and suggestions will be submitted to the persons to eliminate these risks. In order to resolve the problem, the available figures have been evaluated; leading method and sample have been presented together with fuzzy logic model as a new modality. The reason for selection of fuzzy logic model in this study is that the system uses fuzzy logic model enables to provide effective results depending on uncertain verbal knowledge just like logic of human being. When received good results from the study; our system will make a prediagnosis for the people who possibly can have risk of getting cancer due to working conditions or living standards therefore; this will enable these people to take precautions to the risk of cancer. Besides, the contribution of fuzzy logic model in the field of health and topics of artificial intelligence will also be examined in this study.
In this paper, we designed and implemented a washing machine based on fuzzy logic rules. The washing machine fuzzy logic system is based on detecting four input parameters The amount of dust (dirt), the kind of dust, the sensitivity of the material, and the number of garments are all factors to consider. The washing speed, washing time, hot water temperature, and amount of detergent are applied to the output based on the parameters entered. Applying a fuzzy logic rule makes it easier to get a cleaner cloth compared to the traditional method of manually adjusting the output parameters. In addition, applying fuzzy logic saves the amount of water, detergent and electricity, and finally saves time, which is a big factor, reducing process costs. This project aims to design and implement a washing marching system. As well as to study the effect of applying fuzzy logic rules in enhancing washing machine control system. And to apply the proposed project using the Matlab software as well. This investigation was simulated using the MATLAB/Fuzzy logic toolbox. Finally, practically mechanical and electronic engineering concepts should be used to implement this system.
This paper presents a new method for pixel-level image fusion of multi-focus images based on the fuzzy approach with a particular view of human's experiences. This method is different from traditional image fusion methods and eventuate the best results by using intelligent algorithms. The proposed fuzzy system has two inputs that are the two corresponding pixels in each image. Fuzzy rules determine the output values of each pixel. The system is simulated with MATLAB Simulink and the results of the simulation are compared with common algorithms such as pixel averaging.
Within service providing industries, one of the challenges facing resource planners is to match the demand for services by trying to utilize the available resources as best as possible. The problem faced by the operational resource planner is to build a refined plan of tasks to resources for each day in a manner that the plan can be directly dispatched to the distributed available engineering field force. In this paper, we will introduce a genetic hierarchical interval type-2 fuzzy logic based operational planner. We will present experiments which will show that the proposed system is able to produce more efficient plans when compared to the traditional crisp logic based algorithms which employ hill climbing heuristic based search techniques. We will show also that the proposed system outperforms the type-1 fuzzy logic based counterparts.
Model order reduction has been one of the most challenging topics in the past years. Conventional mathematical methods have been used to obtain a reduced order model of high order complex models. In this paper, fuzzy logic algorithm, which is one of the artificial intelligence algorithms, is used in model order reduction. Fuzzy logic algorithm is considered as one of the evolutionary techniques, which are used in optimization problems. In our proposed approach, fuzzy algorithm is used in model order reduction taking in consideration improving the accuracy and preserving the basic properties of the original model. The obtained reduced order model has an acceptable error compared to the original model. Also the algorithm does not take large amount of time when evaluating the reduced model.
In this paper, our aim is to compare and contrast various ways of modeling uncertainty by using different type-2 fuzzy membership functions available in literature. In particular we focus on a novel type-2 fuzzy membership function, - “Elliptic membership function”. After briefly explaining the motivation behind the suggestion of the elliptic membership function, we analyse the uncertainty distribution along its support, and we compare its uncertainty modeling capability with the existing membership functions. We also show how the elliptic membership functions perform in fuzzy arithmetic. In addition to its extra advantages over the existing type-2 fuzzy membership functions such as having decoupled parameters for its support and width, this novel membership function has some similar features to the Gaussian and triangular membership functions in addition and multiplication operations. Finally, we have tested the prediction capability of elliptic membership functions using interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems on US Dollar/Euro exchange rate prediction problem. Throughout the simulation studies, an extreme learning machine is used to train the interval type-2 fuzzy logic system. The prediction results show that, in addition to their various advantages mentioned above, elliptic membership functions have comparable prediction results when compared to Gaussian and triangular membership functions.
This paper presents an evaluation of performances rice cooking system with using Intelligent Controller that is Fuzzy Logic Controller (FLC) to meet the special requirements and some limitations of the rice cooking system. A new inference scheme is given to estimate the amount of rice and water to be used, and the temperature will be controlled according to the amount of rice and the time while cooking. The FLC system is designed by using two types of simulation software which are MATLAB Fuzzy Logic Toolbox and FuzzyTECH. The results obtained from the both simulation software are given in this paper. The differences the between both simulation also will be discussed. MATLAB Toolbox gives more specific results compared FuzzyTECH software. The both software meet the special requirements because is not much differ between each other.
Fuzzy concept lattices are being used as the basis for creating fuzzy ontologies. Fuzzy formal contexts serve as the starting point for which a variety of proposed methods have been used to create fuzzy concept lattices from them. This paper reviews two of these methods: the one-sided threshold approach and the fuzzy closure operator approach and presents the first comparison between these two approaches. Some simple examples are used and then bioinformatics data, specifically several gene annotation data files. The results show that the fuzzy closure approach produces huge numbers of concepts as compared to the threshold approach, and the extents produced by the threshold approach are a subset of the extents produced by the fuzzy closure approach.
Trustworthiness especially for service oriented system is very important topic now a day in IT field of the whole world. There are many successful E-commerce organizations presently run in the whole world, but E-commerce has not reached its full potential. The main reason behind this is lack of Trust of people in e-commerce. Again, proper models are still absent for calculating trust of different e-commerce organizations. Most of the present trust models are subjective and have failed to account vagueness and ambiguity of different domain. In this paper we have proposed a new fuzzy logic based Certain Trust model which considers these ambiguity and vagueness of different domain. Fuzzy Based Certain Trust Model depends on some certain values given by experts and developers. can be applied in a system like cloud computing, Internet, Web site, e-commerce, etc. to ensure trustworthiness of these platforms. In this paper we show, although fuzzy works with uncertainties, proposed model works with some certain values. Some experimental results and validation of the model with linguistics terms are shown at the last part of the paper.
Cost estimation is an upstream activity in manufacturing and service business. Accurate cost estimation promotes profitable decision making. In this study, a cost model was developed to estimate paint cost in a spraying process of wooden toys. The required amount of paint was formerly believed as a function of only product surface area. However, data collected earlier indicated that volume and projected area also had significant contribution. Altogether, these parameters triggered uncertain paint loss which complicated a cost model. In order to solve this problem, we propose a cost estimation method based on a fuzzy theory. While the traditional parametric cost function used a constant paint consumption rate, the proposed fuzzy model allowed the loss to be dependent on product parameters. Predictive results from both models were compared with actual data and their performances were measured. Overall performance of the fuzzy model is more superior especially for larger products in an upright placement on the spraying rack. With an accurate cost estimation system, enterprises can plan for more efficient material requirements, and pricing strategies.
In this paper we propose a new method for dynamic parameter adaptation in the bat algorithm (BA). BA is a metaheuristic algorithm inspired by the behavior of micro bats, which has been applied to different optimization problems obtaining good results. In this paper we propose dynamic parameter adaptation of the BA using Interval Type-2 fuzzy logic. Simulation results show that the proposed method using Type-2 fuzzy logic is better in comparison with Type-1 fuzzy logic.
This paper discusses fuzzy logic implementation in a load lifting arm robot. Fuzzy logic is used to calculate input values to avoid unsuitable power due to load weight variation. The evaluated performance on the load lifting robot is the successfulness of robot in lifting the load. System should determine the load mass to decide the motor rotation. System is designed by using the ATmega328 microcontroller. Servo motors are employed for driving lever and pinching lever. Mass sensor is employed to predict the load mass. In order to evaluate robot performance, load is limited to a maximum weight of 900 gram due to robot construction. The experiments show better accuracy results in determining the degree of slope servo when Tsukamoto's fuzzy logic model is implemented. Robot is more stable and the average value of the four motor slopes is 34.1%.
In this paper, a fault diagnosis method is presented in order to detection the inter-turn short circuit fault in permanent magnet synchronous motor (PMSM) based on the comparative analysis of two types of controllers. This study consists in the sliding mode control (SMC) of the (PMSM) and the two controllers (fuzzy logic controller (FLC) and Adaptive fuzzy logic controller (AFLC) by taking account of the presence of inter-turn short circuit fault. This study aims to select the most robust controller against the stator faults, load torque variation and reversing rotation speed. Tests regarding these two controllers associated with the sliding mode control were carried on a PMSM 5KW under to different loads, speed and severity degrees of failures for a functioning in healthy and degraded state. The obtained simulation results confirm the superiority and robustness of AFLC-SMC (insensitive to the load torque and the rotation direction, faster response time, decrease the oscillations, and minimization of THD) compared to FLC-SMC.
Demand response (DR), as part of Demand side management (DSM), is a method that modifies consumer side energy consumption. By actively controlling the time associated with electricity consumption, both energy and economic efficiencies are increased. There is however, depending on the algorithm employed, potential for consumer comfort levels to be adversely affected. Generally direct load (Boolean logic) control is employed, which solely considers demand reduction and not customer comfort. In comparison, fuzzy logic based programs can consider non-deterministic inputs such as consumer comfort level with ease and simplicity. This paper considers the evolution of DR through a comparison of the classical (direct load method) and modern (fuzzy method) methods, with particular attention on the advantages provided by the latter. The impact on consumer comfort in fuzzy DR implementation is further explored through the effect of temperature deviation. In this regard, the consequences for fuzzy DR are considered in respect to three temperature profiles. Finally, temporal availability and the consequences for DR are considered in the context of a household.
This paper proposes an interval type-2 fuzzy logic system (IT2FLS) for stock index forecasting based on a fuzzy time series and a fuzzy logical relationship map (FLRM). First, variations within the data are found with the maximum and minimum variations used for the interval settings of the universe of discourse. The time series variations are fuzzified into fuzzy sets in order to form fuzzy logical relationships, which are then used to construct the FLRM. Second, the input interval type-2 fuzzy sets (IT2FSs) and the output intervals of the IT2FLS are defined based on the maximum and minimum variations found. Third, the data variation between time t - 1 and time t, and the input IT2FSs are used as input for the IT2FLS, and the output of the IT2FLS is the forecasting variation, which is found between time t and time t + 1. An output interval is formed using the IT2FLS rule-base based on the FLRM. Finally, the forecast value at time t + 1 is defined as the data point at time t plus the forecast variation. In this paper, the proposed method is applied to data from the Taiwan Stock Exchange Capitalization Weighted Stock Index, the Dow Jones Industrial Average, and the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation. Existing methods are then compared with the proposed method using Wilcoxon non-parametric statistical testing, as opposed to simply comparing the average root-mean-square error. Based on the statistical analysis results, the proposed method is found to typically outperform the other methods.
The article presents the results of the research, as well as a software module that allows you to configure the fuzzy logic controller to three possible ways of including a fuzzy logic controller in the control object. The evaluation of the quality of regulation and their comparative characteristics.
Overtaking assistant system (OAS) is one of ADAS' subsystem that assists the driver on overtaking decision making. In this research, an OAS for overtaking one vehicle on one-way road and two-way road is realized using radio control (RC) car. Fuzzy logic is used as the overtaking decision making method with the distance of the overtaken and approaching RC car as the input, while the output is one of three movement decisions which is approaching the overtaken car, delaying overtaking, or overtaking. Overtaking will be performed on safe distance condition based on fuzzy logic rule. Overtaking delay will be performed if the distance is perceived as not safe enough. Pixy CMUcam5 is functioned as the distance sensor to convert other RC car's pixel width into the distance between the said RC car and this system. The test result shows that this system can overtake one RC car in front of it with high success rate on both one-way and two-way road.
DC motors are widely used in the industrial sector to help the production process to be more improved, faster, easier, and more efficient to increase the quality and quantity of production. So that this can be achieved, the role of technology is very important to be used in it. In the industrial world, to control DC motors, fuzzy logic control system technology can be used. In this research, a comparative case study of DC motor speed using fuzzy logic control is carried out with the membership function of the triangle model and the trapezoidal model. This paper describes DC motor speed using a fuzzy logic controller with simulation. The results showed that the trapezoidal model had the highest speed yield of 0.51 rad/s with an average difference in motor speed of 0.05 rad/s per second, while the triangular model was 0.43 rad/s with an average difference in motor speed of 0.04. rad/s per second.
The purpose of this tutorial paper is to make general type-2 fuzzy logic systems (GT2 FLSs) more accessible to fuzzy logic researchers and practitioners, and to expedite their research, designs, and use. To accomplish this, the paper 1) explains four different mathematical representations for general type-2 fuzzy sets (GT2 FSs); 2) demonstrates that for the optimal design of a GT2 FLS, one should use the vertical-slice representation of its GT2 FSs because it is the only one of the four mathematical representations that is parsimonious; 3) shows how to obtain set theoretic and other operations for GT2 FSs using type-1 (T1) FS mathematics (α- cuts play a central role); 4) reviews Mamdani and TSK interval type-2 (IT2) FLSs so that their mathematical operations can be easily used in a GT2 FLS; 5) provides all of the formulas that describe both Mamdani and TSK GT2 FLSs; 6) explains why center-of sets type-reduction should be favored for a GT2 FLS over centroid type-reduction; 7) provides three simplified GT2 FLSs (two are for Mamdani GT2 FLSs and one is for a TSK GT2 FLS), all of which bypass type reduction and are generalizations from their IT2 FLS counterparts to GT2 FLSs; 8) explains why gradient-based optimization should not be used to optimally design a GT2 FLS; 9) explains how derivative-free optimization algorithms can be used to optimally design a GT2 FLS; and 10) provides a three-step approach for optimally designing FLSs in a progressive manner, from T1 to IT2 to GT2, each of which uses a quantum particle swarm optimization algorithm, by virtue of which the performance for the IT2 FLS cannot be worse than that of the T1 FLS, and the performance for the GT2 FLS cannot be worse than that of the IT2 FLS.
The generalized computer Logic whose main body is narrowly computer Logic and artificial intelligence, not only belongs to Logic, but also belongs to computer science and cognitive science. Narrow computer Logic, artificial intelligence Logic, fuzzy Logic is not only among each other to promote, but also belong to cognitive science. Thus, in essence, the computer Logic is generalized cognitive science. Fuzzy Logic belongs to the Logic of computer science too. Fuzzy Logic is playing an increasingly important role in the engineering controls or in the Management-science-engineering .etc..
This paper illustrates the successful application of fuzzy logic in wireless sensor networks. There are different disciplines which make use of fuzzy logic such as event forecasting, redundancy reduction, querying to sensor network database, deployment, clustering, MAC protocol etc. In this survey paper, clustering techniques with fuzzy logic are discussed which associates advantages of localized control, scalability and energy conservation. Finally, other factors which affect clustering along with efficient cluster head selection are considered.
For a basic foundation in computer engineering, universities traditionally teach synchronous sequential circuit design, using discrete gates or field programmable gate arrays, and a microcomputers course that includes basic I/O processing. These courses, though critical, expose students to only a small subset of tools. At co-op schools like Kettering University, Flint, MI, students could strongly benefit from a more diverse set of topics and tool experience in their curriculum. This paper presents an undergraduate course that includes introductions to sequential circuit design using asynchronous logic, ladder logic and its general implementation on programmable logic controllers, and fuzzy logic targeted at both PC and embedded processor applications. The paper discusses the structure of the course, the objectives and material, the laboratory platforms, and the evaluations of the first course offerings that show the course's success.
In this paper we propose an interval type-2 fuzzy logic system for dynamic parameter adaptation in particle swarm optimization (PSO); the main contribution of this paper is an improvement of PSO in its abilities to search in a global and local fashion, by dynamically changing some of its parameters using an interval type-2 fuzzy logic system.
An environmental condition such as temperature and humidity keys factor for fungus cultivation. A fuzzy logic approach to control humidity and temperature was developed using LabVIEW Programming and implemented on fungus cultivation. The system is consist of hardware (DHT11, microcontroller, relay, electric pump, lamp and Personal Computer) and software (Arduino IDE, LabVIEW). The fuzzy logic approach was design on LabVIEW programming for controlling temperature and humidity. The system was successfully preserved humidity on range 80–90% and temperature on range 20–28 C using fuzzy logic approach.
In 2015 fuzzy sets and fuzzy logic celebrated their golden anniversary, but (arguably) unfortunately they have not been and are not being used or considered by most technical people outside of the fuzzy community. I believe that this is, arguably, to a large extent due to the negative connotation of the name fuzzy and believe that it is time for a replacement of that word. Fuzzy may be okay to describe a soft teddy bear, a cuddly pet, or a peach but for it to be used for mathematics and its applications is a red flag. In this article I propose Zadeh set/logic as replacements of Fuzzy set/logic. After 55 years, it is time to honor Prof. Zadeh by using his name as a proper adjective. Replacing fuzzy by Zadeh is universal in that it needs no translation in any language, whereas fuzzy does. This article also illustrates how the use of these replacement terms will provide everyone with a way to describe what they are working on when they are in different situations, without encountering the derision or worse that frequently occurs when fuzzy is used.
This paper presents the design of fuzzy logic controllers (FLC) for a highly nonlinear dynamic system of Surge Tank. The controllers are designed from two approaches: model free (Mamdani) and model based (Takagi-Sugeno). For model free approach, Mamdani inference engine is formed from the expert knowledge of the system using which a fuzzy PD controller is synthesized. For model based approach, first the Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy modeling of the real system is performed; with the proposed fuzzy system having fixed structure that is linear in parameters. Fuzzy clustering with optimal output predefuzzification method has been employed for the formation of rule base as well as for the parameter identification of the proposed fuzzy system. Then a state-feedback fuzzy controller is presented for the TS model. The performance of both the FLCs is compared with each other and also with that of a linear PID controller. Finally the merits and demerits of these controllers are discussed.
With the increasing usage of autonomous underwater vehicles in offshore applications, it has been important to have a controller that can satisfy a convincing performance throughout the mission. Due to non-linear and time varying dynamic, controlling this vehicle has some special difficulties. Modeling errors that may exist and Uncertainties which associated with the environment firstly evokes that the idea of a robust controller to control the underwater robot. For this purpose, after the linearization of underwater robot model with six degrees of freedom at the optimum operating point, then design H_infinity controller. Furthermore fuzzy logic controller which can works with nonlinear model and unpredictable uncertainty Such as sea currents which influence on autonomous underwater vehicle performance is designed. Finally compare obtained results in fuzzy logic controller with H_infinity robust controller. As shown in simulation results fuzzy logic controller has better performance in the presence of uncertainties in compare with H_infinity robust controller.
Cloud computing technology has added a dynamic value with its dynamic features in the internet based system. Because of its emerging applied fields, it has become much popular technology. In this paper we used Fuzzy logic to calculate reliability in cloud computing environment. We've used Adaptability, Processor Speed and Performance in the input section. Using the Fuzzy system we've shown the Reliability of the system which is shown in the output section. We mainly focused on improving Reliability of the cloud computing environment.
Heat detectors are the best ones for detecting flame fires. Unlike other types of fire detectors, heat detectors can be used in polluted and aggressive environments. They are resistant to various interferences. However, heat detectors have the highest operation inertia. You can reduce the fires detection time by heat detectors using fuzzy logic mathematical apparatus. The heat detector based on fuzzy logic was developed and investigated in this article. For this purpose, a microcontroller based on the Arduino hardware was used. Heat detector responds to both fixed temperature and the speed of temperature rise. A new model of heat detector based on fuzzy zero-order Sugeno logic with two inputs in the MATLAB/Simulink package was developed. Research of the accuracy and adequacy of the obtained mode was done. In the course of research, it showed 100% accuracy and adequacy in relation to the developed model in the Fuzzy Logic Toolbox. In the Arduino software package, using the C programming language and the Arduino Mega 2560 board, a hardware implementation of the Sugeno zero-order fuzzy logic heat detector was implemented. Experimental studies have been carried out. The error of the result calculated by the Arduino did not exceed 2.5%. Execution time of one complete cycle of fuzzy block is 0.004 sec.
This paper describes the design of a fuzzy logic controller for wall following-navigation of a differentially steered mobile robot. To maintain the distance of the mobile robot from the wall is a basic behavior that mobile robot should have. This paper proposes embedded fuzzy logic controller in order to make the mobile robot can running with smoothly and stable for wall following case. The designed fuzzy controller uses MATLAB® and it was simulated using Microsoft Visual C++. To verify our approach, a differentially steered mobile robot is implemented with ArduinoTM Nano. The experiment of simulation and test results methodology were presented to show the validity of the proposed.
Automatic watergate systems are designed to allow the watergate to run automatically based on an ideal condition for agricultural land. The sensor will be a crucial role in this automation system. In this system, the input of the system is come from ultrasonic and moisture sensor, while the output is how big watergate will be open. The ultrasonic sensor is widely used in the design of watergate system because they provide effectively measuring a water level. And also, soil moisture sensor was used to measure the percentage of humidity of the land. In order to process this input, we used a fuzzy logic to determined the output, which is the percentage of watergate will be open. By using Fuzzy logic, the machine can do an output based on conditions in the input that has been programmed. In this research, a Fuzzy Logic Control method system will be implemented to control the watergate so it’s can be opened level to level. Authors exert three levels of watergate open, that are 0%, 50%, and 100%. The input in this study is the water level and the humidity of land. Simulations have been carried out to get the value of the membership function. The simulation is carried out using a case study, where the input from the ultrasonic sensor is 6 cm and 88% on soil moist sensor.
The results of research and application of fuzzy logic on the control systems in the "atypical" (not in technical) area are offered. This is an estimation of testing diagnosis results within control system of education quality. To increase the accuracy and reliability of estimation of results of a given study in competence-based format, it is possible to use approved approaches and methods from contiguous scientific areas. We propose using the logic for uncertainty removal when decoding the results of test diagnosing levels in the development of competencies and their components. The adaptation of basic definitions of fuzzy logic to the set subject domain is executed. Approaches to solve the problem of acquired competence estimation are given as well as illustrative examples, which show the basic capabilities of the proposed methods, and their robustness. An algorithm is proposed for decoding the results of test diagnosing levels in the development of element competencies, constructed on the basis of concepts adapted to fuzzy logic definitions and methods. An example and the results from research carried out in MatLab Fuzzy Logic, showing the robustness of the proposed decoding algorithm, are provided.
This paper consists of designing fuzzy and PID controllers for controlling the vehicle speed. The dynamic of the system is modeled to provide a transfer function for the plant. Fuzzy and PID controller are designed for linear model. The external disturbances such road grade is considered to stabilizing the system. Both controllers are modeled using MATLAB Simulink software. Finally, a comparative assessment of each simulated result is done based on the response characteristics.
Crisis management involves a lot of factors and variables that have to be monitored and considered. Human judgment becomes far from optimal as these variables and factors increase in number. Thus, in these situations, we need the help of decision support system to help the decision making process. In this paper we observe the main decision making factors that should be considered in crisis management situation, we define the crisis as a substantial change in the value of regular environment variables and factors, as the environment is uncertain we propose to use a fuzzy set theory to represent the variables of the system, we show how we can use temporal logic to represent the temporal nature of crises, we present a combination of fuzzy and temporal inference techniques, and propose an algorithm to support the decision making, the algorithm is based on temporal simulation which make use of temporal relations represented by temporal statements, we finally show that the proposed model and algorithm can suite a lot of crisis management situations.
The battery management system is becoming important due to the extending utilization of embedded devices equipped with rechargeable batteries that have higher power and energy density. Battery Energy Storage System (BESS) is used to store electrical energy on a large scale in power grid and electric vehicles. Lithium ion (Li-ion) battery is currently the most widely used form of energy storage. Parameters like State of Charge (SoC), ambient temperature, state of health etc determines the lifespan of a battery. SoC is a key factor which gives the rate of charge in the battery with respect to its total capacity. The direct measurement of SoC is not possible but it can be estimated by different methods. Coulomb counting method is the most widely used method to estimate SoC but the Coulomb-counting algorithm experiences aggregate mistakes due to the initial SOC. Coulomb counting and fuzzy logic method is combined here to estimate the SoC. Here a fuzzy logic method is used along with the CCM method to get optimal SoC value of the Li-ion battery. Simulation is done for the charging and discharging of Li-ion battery and the results are analyzed. Reliable operation and prolonged lifespan can be achieved through this technique. The new technique will help to establish more accurate and reliable results. Accurate SoC estimation save the battery from being deeply discharged and over-charged. Matlab simulink is the simulation tool used to establish the results.
The paper presents a study about the development an enterprise analysis mobile application. An extended set of financial ratios will be used in the developed application. The user of the mobile application will be provided with detailed recommendations about the situation in the enterprise. Currently, any company is characterized by a large amount of information. This information may be contained in various documents: in financial statements, regulatory documents, laws and others. Information about the company must be converted to the type required for effective analysis of the company. Mobile business intelligence is in demand in modern enterprise management. This statement is relevant for small and large enterprises. Enterprise model based on the semantic network makes conclusions about each enterprise. Objects of the semantic network are fuzzy objects. The types of connections between objects of the semantic network are considered as fuzzy object relations. In addition, the article describes the functionality of the mobile application. The work ends with short conclusions.
This paper describes the improvement of the Fuzzy Logic controller that won the car racing competition 2007 in the IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation (CEC2007). In particular, the use of the fuzzy sets within the original fuzzy controller of Ho and Garibaldi was improved. Several simulation experiments were conducted to optimize the membership functions of the fuzzy sets. The experiments are described and results discussed. The sum of different strategies qualify for an improvement of the original controller: Rearrangement of influence parameters, symmetric membership functions, and adjusted fuzzy rules. An overall improvement of 0.5 % in the competition score compared to the original winning controller is retrieved.
This paper focuses on the development and design of a type-2 fuzzy logic controller (T2-FLC) for the control of a variable-speed wind energy conversion system (WECS). In this context, the maximum power point tracking (MPPT) strategy has been used for extracting maximum available power from the wind system under varying wind conditions. Until now, the conventional type-1 fuzzy controller (T1-FLC) has been widely used in several applications, due to its high performance. However, in many modern applications, it is necessary to use controllers that have the ability to cope with wide amounts of uncertainties. Consequently, Type-2 FLCs will have the potential to overcome the limitations of Type-1 FLCs which can improve performance for systems that need handling high levels of uncertainty. To discover the strengths and weaknesses of the proposed controller over to T1-FLC and proportional-integral PI controller, a comparative study was executed. The results obtained confirm the efficiency and high performance obtained by T2-FLC compared to other types of controllers.
In this work we propose a variant for the adjustment of parameters in galactic swarm optimization (GSO) using fuzzy logic. GSO is a newly created metaheuristic that uses the movement and distribution of stars and galaxies in the universe as inspiration. In galactic swarm optimization, multiple cycles of exploration and exploitation are used to obtain a better balance between the exploration and the exploitation phases, thus trying to improve the search for the best solutions. In this paper, it is proposed to perform an optimization of the parameters of the membership functions used in an initial fuzzy system called fuzzy galactic swarm optimization 1 (FGSO1) with the aim of improving the results obtained with the FGSO1 using a parameter setting based on experimentation. The proposed method and the original FGSO1 fuzzy system are tested with the CEC-2015 functions with different number of dimensions to be able to appreciate its behavior characteristics from a low number of dimensions to a high number of dimensions.
Designing and developing AI controllers on separately dedicated chips have many advantages. This paper reviews the development of a real-time fuzzy logic controller for speed control of a dc motor using Arduino Due board. The proposed fuzzy logic controller is based on Mamdani approach and has been tested on the aforementioned high performance microcontroller board and using MATLAB. During the real-time operation the dc motor behavior and the fuzzy controller's response were plotted and the data were stored in MATLAB without interrupting the fuzzy logic controller. Based on these observed information, the system settling time and the rise time reduction were calculated for each input wave patent trajectories while increasing the wave frequency. It was noted that the system overshoot is negligible. Utilizing the aforementioned parameters the Arduino Due board performance was analyzed with the fuzzy logic speed control approaches of dc motors made by past researchers as mentioned above. The system response shows a satisfactory performance for this particular dc motor application when the input signal (desired output signal) frequency is less than 2 Hz, but further research is needed when identifying the optimum performance of the Arduino Due board for different fuzzy logic algorithms while increasing the desired input signal frequency.
In this paper, a diagnostic approach has been presented for discriminating between patients with acquired neuropathy called CIDP and congenital neuropathy called Charcot-Marie-Tooth. In the presented approach, nine time-domain and frequency-domain features extracted from the surface EMG signals of tibialis anterior and rectus femoris muscles recorded during walking in patients.All data is the result of 82 human examinations done on the three groups of healthy individuals (34 samples), CIDP patients (25 samples) and Charcot-Marie-Tooth patients (23 samples).70% of the gathered data was used for training and the rest 30% for testing the classifiers. Then, fuzzy KNN classifiers and Adaptive neuro fuzzy inference system(ANFIS) were utilized to detect the discrepancies between two groups of patients. The performance of fuzzy KNN and Anfis were compared. The results show that the accuracies were 98.4% and 96.8% for fuzzy KNN and Anfis classifiers, respectively.
Monitoring the condition of induction motors is becoming highly important in various industries. There are many more condition monitoring methods including thermal monitoring, vibration monitoring,chemical monitoring and acoustic emission monitoring. But all monitoring methods require costlier sensors or specialized tools whereas current monitoring methods do not require additional sensors. This is because of electrical quantities associated with the electrical motors such as current and voltage are measured by using current and potential transformers that are installed always as a part of protection scheme. The output point of view current monitoring is non-interfering and implemented in the motor control center remotely from the motors being monitored. The present work intends the current monitoring method is applied to detect the various types of faults in induction motor such as electrically related faults. Knowledge based fuzzy logic approach helps in diagnosing the induction motor faults. Actually, fuzzy logic is just like a human intelligent processes and natural language enabling decisions to be made based on obscure information. Therefore, current work enforces fuzzy logic to induction motor fault spotting and resolving. The motor condition is identified by using linguistic variables. Fault condition is diagnosed based on the current amplitude in addition to the knowledge is expressed in membership function and fuzzy rules. The model is designed in MATLAB/SIMULINK with the data obtained under both healthy and different faulty conditions.
The paper presents a New Fuzzy Expert System (NFES) for student academic performance evaluation based on Fuzzy Logic techniques. It introduces the principles behind fuzzy logic and illustrates how these principles could be applied by educators to evaluating student academic performance. The aim of proposed NFES to adaptively adjust the training for each particular students on the basis of his/her own pace of learning. This means that the NFES will monitor the student's progress and have the ability to make decision about next step training. Several approaches using fuzzy logic techniques have been proposed to provide a practical method for evaluating student academic performance and compare the results (performance) with existing statistical method.
The paper compares three different edge detection approaches which are based on search, zero-crossing and fuzzy logic. One of them using fuzzy technique, was chosen for image enhancement and applied in a very specific field of optical measurements.
In the ever-evolving landscape of communication technology, network delay and throughput continue to be pivotal determinants of user experience. The Quick UDP Internet Connection (QUIC) protocol effectively addresses TCP head-of-line blocking (HOL blocking) through multiplexing. Its extension, Multipath-QUIC (MPQUIC), further enhances network through-put and ensures seamless network switching by leveraging multi-pie network interfaces concurrently. Despite these advancements, certain issues persist in MPQUIC, with packet scheduling being a prominent one. This paper introduces a fuzzy logic-based packet scheduling strategy to optimize the performance of MPQUIC in multi-access networks. The unique advantage of fuzzy logic is its flexible control capability, which enables the client to assign varying weights to different paths. Experimental results show the superiority of our fuzzy logic-based packet scheduling over MPQUIC's default scheduler in reducing network delay and enhancing throughput.
Lecturer Promotion Assessment System for Department of Computer Science, Faculty of Science and Technology Defence was built to help the promotion of lecturers featured appraiser to conduct an initial assessment of the eligibility status of lecturers. The lecturer will be treated as eligible, in observation or tidal worth in value that has been set to proceed with the application promotion. It is because, in the application for promotion of lecturers it includes several procedures such as application delivery and assessment meetings between committee members. Thus the system helps the evaluator by using the Fuzzy Logic method consists of several phases which are fuzzification, fuzzy inference system and defuzzification. The system uses the engine type Mamdani fuzzy inference system and defuzzification through technique of centroid of Gravity (COG) as the output. Each of the estimated assessment will be compared with a database that has been set before produced as output. There are several ways to analyze the results of these feasibility of using graphs and message box. The construction of this system is expected to help ease the burden of the assessors and settle the problems that arise. In fact, this system may also be a drive to the use of more high-tech systems and artificial intelligence features along with the rapidly evolving technology now.
Tactical transit planning is a crucial task in transportation industry. It mainly concentrates in the scheduling and setting of trip frequencies. One way of solving the scheduling pattern is the selection of the optimal dispatching interval of the transit system. This paper aims to create an adaptive scheduling and dispatching of public utility buses plying along EDSA. A fuzzy logic controller is designed based on the passenger and vehicle data. The self-adaptive controller will decide for the best dispatch interval of public buses from terminals based on given fuzzy sets or conditions. It seeks to choose solution in such a way that the travel time of passengers and number of buses running along EDSA are minimized while the operational constraints such as the traffic demand, departure time and maximum (minimum) headway are satisfied. The fuzzy logic controller is developed using Matlab. Effectiveness, accuracy and robustness of the system are evident in the results.
In this work, fuzzy logic based models are used to describe the relation between systolic blood pressure (SBP) and tachogram (RR) values as a function of the SBP level. The applicability of these methods is tested using real data in Lying (L) and Standing (S) conditions and generated surrogate data. The results indicate that fuzzy models exhibit a similar performance in both conditions, and their performance is significantly higher with real data than with surrogate data. These results point out the potential of a fuzzy logic approach to model properly the relation between SBP and RR values. As a future work, it remains to assess the clinical impact of these findings and inherent repercussion on the estimation of time domain baroreflex sensitivity indices.
This paper presents an improved sensorless control of a Salient-Pole Permanent Magnet Synchronous Machine (SPMSM) based on fuzzy logic model reference adaptive system. For this purpose, an observer based on a model reference adaptive system is utilized and the respective analytical model is established to receive the speed and the position of the rotor. To accurately determine the rotor position, the fuzzy logic method is adopted, and the control coefficients of the model reference are determined online based on the governing rules of the control system. The presented method is simulated via MATLAB/SIMULINK software. The simulation results confirm that the presented model can successfully improve the accuracy of tracking rotor position in a shorter time frame.
Failures at degumming and bleaching process in palm oil refining affect plant performance, production delay, and loss to the company. In current practice, troubleshooting in these process relies on human knowledge and trial and error method which can caused other failures and time consuming. In this study, fuzzy logic model was developed for troubleshooting degumming and bleaching process using Mamdani approached. Operating conditions at bleacher vessel, ejector, condenser, hotwell and cooling tower system were selected as input and output variables in the fuzzy logic model development. Qualitative and numerical data were collected in this study by interviewing plant workers, observing distributed control system (DCS), reviewing standard operating procedure (SOP), operation checklist and plant manuals. The relationship between input and output variables were described by fuzzy membership function and fuzzy rules. Centre of gravity method (COG) method was used for defuzzification. The proposed model was tested with real plant data and the model was shown successfully perform troubleshooting task and suggest necessary action. Therefore, this model has the potential to employed by operator and inexperience workers in palm oil industry.
In this paper, a new pulse separation technique based on fuzzy logic algorithm is proposed. An equivalent Time-Frequency diagram (TF map) is obtained from the feature extraction and clustering of both PD pulse signal and ambient noise signal. Since different kinds of PD types derived from different PD sources, they will form specific clusters in the TF map. It provides a possibility to classify the millivolt voltage PD pulse signals from the ambient noise signals, enhances the anti-interference ability of the PD detection system, classifies partial discharge patterns and locates PD sources. This paper provides a new idea for the accurate extraction and processing of the PD pulse signal of the 12kV switchgear, which is also helpful to improve the detection sensitivity and locate PD sources.
In this paper a T-S Fuzzy model (which originates from Takagi and Sugeno) is used to design a fuzzy logic controller (FLC) for non-linear systems. Fuzzy logic control systems consist of a plant and a fuzzy logic controller. The output of the FLC is made by weighted average defuzzification method So, the output of the FLC is a function of the degrees of membership of the fuzzy rules, and these degrees of membership are function of input variables that are the system states. Therefore, the control system becomes highly non-linear and the analysis of system stability for this system is very difficult In this paper, it is proved that if each fuzzy logic control systems consist of a plant and each fuzzy logic rule is asymptotically stable in the sense of Lyapunov under common Lyapunov function, then the overall system is locally stable in the sense of Lyapunov. To show the effectiveness of the proposed technique we have used inverted pendulum, a well known non-linear system.
This paper proposes a modification to the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) to select the most informative genes that serve as inputs to an interval type-2 fuzzy logic system (IT2FLS) for cancer classification. Unlike the conventional AHP, the modified AHP allows us to process quantitative factors that are ranking outcomes of individual gene selection methods including t-test, entropy, receiver operating characteristic curve, Wilcoxon test, and signal-to-noise ratio. The IT2FLS is introduced for the classification task due to its great ability for handling nonlinear, noisy, and outlier data, which are common problems in cancer microarray gene expression profiles. An unsupervised learning strategy using the fuzzy c-means clustering is employed to initialize parameters of the IT2FLS. Other classifiers such as multilayer perceptron network, support vector machine, and fuzzy ARTMAP are also implemented for comparisons. Experiments are carried out on three well-known microarray datasets: diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, leukemia cancer, and prostate. Rather than the traditional cross validation, leave-one-out cross-validation strategy is applied for the experiments. Results demonstrate the performance dominance of the IT2FLS against the competing classifiers. More noticeably, the modified AHP improves the classification performance not only of the IT2FLS but of all other classifiers as well. Accordingly, the proposed combination between the modified AHP and IT2FLS is a powerful tool for cancer classification and can be implemented as a real clinical decision support system that is useful for medical practitioners.
Recently, Applications of Unmanned Underwater Vehicles (UUVs) in coastal, offshore, petroleum and military industries are widely increased. So, design of controllers which can satisfy performance throughout the mission is really important. In this purpose, according to nonlinear and time varying dynamics of an UUV with six degree of freedom, we suggest new PID like fuzzy logic controller which can cover desired control objects in roll, pitch and yaw angles. In this case because of using linguistic rules which are based on human knowledge, designed fuzzy controllers have good simplicity and reliability. Then complexity reduced and also controller can better adapt itself with unpredictable uncertainty such as sea currents or the effect of noise on the sensors which influence on UUV performance. As Simulation results show despite of existence uncertainties, suitable commands tracking in yaw, pitch and roll angles achieved by designed PID like fuzzy controller. Also for implementation fuzzy part of designed controller we use regression analysis which is one of the best as implementation method.
This paper proposes formation control in leader-follower robot using interval type-2 fuzzy logic controller (IT2FLC). The controller gives the robots position and orientation between desire pose and actual pose. The IT2FLC is advantageous in comparison with type-1 fuzzy logic controller (T1FLC). Experimental result show by using IT2FLC produce good performance compare to T1FLC. In open space environment, produce small data only 836 for fuzzy process, fast response about 107.8 and smooth movement of the leader-follower posture to accomplish the target without collision.
The fashion industry operates in a fast moving and dynamic environment which requires fashion designers to respond to market trends continuously. This paper investigates potential for application of Internet of Things (IoT) and the related state-of-the-art research efforts in fashion retail. Non-purchasing behaviors are seldom recorded in retail. What customers are interested in may not reflect totally in products they actually bought and are recorded in Point of Sales (POS). However, some of in-store behaviors may reflect their hidden preferences. These data were not easy to record in the past. This study is relevant to use of sensing devices that can capture in-store customer behaviors and transmit the same through wireless network to cloud. A data analytics model with fuzzy logic approach is developed to generate data of purchasing intentions. The paper fills the literature gap on the use of specific non-purchase data in retail stores. With the aid of fuzzy logic, behavioral intentions can be used by salespersons for recommending products to customers and guide supply chain planning. It also enriches the application of IoT in fashion retail environment. The findings from this research can be applied to other products in the retail industry.
The present work shows the design and implementation of a controller based on Fuzzy Logic for pH regulation using an S7-1200 Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) as a processing element. The inputs of the controller are the current error (desired pH - current pH) and the rate of change in error (current error - previous error). On the other hand, the output is given by the activation time of an on-off dosing pump, which was adjusted to a constant flow of 2.5 liters per hour. The controller calculates the time that the pumps must be on or off so that the process variable reaches the desired value. A Delta Human Machine Interface (HMI) are used to acquisition data and process parameters configuration.
Contrast enhancement in digital image processing is application-specific and the measure of the quality of the image is subjective. Hence, the interpretation of an image with good contrast differs from one individual to another. Various contrast enhancement methods have been developed such as contrast stretching, histogram equalization, homomorphic filtering, etc. This paper presents an adaptive contrast enhancement technique using fuzzy logic. Fuzzy logic has been observed to be very effective at managing data that is ambiguous and vague in nature. As contrast can also be considered a vague term, fuzzy logic can be effectively used to amplify the contrast of an image. We have established an adaptive fuzzy inferencing system which determines the pixel value of the output based on the contrast measure of the input image. The contrast measure selected is the standard deviation of the image. The experimental results have been compared with existing methods of contrast enhancement and have been assessed both visually and quantitatively.
This paper deals with a Fuzzy Logic Controller (FLC) for an automated car braking system. The response of the system is simulated by using Fuzzy Logic Toolbox in MATLAB and PID controller. The purpose of this controller is to brake a car when the car approaches for an obstacle at a specific range. For this, the Fuzzy Logic Controller is designed using the Fuzzy Logic Toolbox in MATLAB. Based on the simulation done the response of FLC and PID has been compared. The PID controller has been used to constitute a reference for the performance of FLC.
Server Resource limitations are generally an obstacle affecting the quality of service (QoS) due to increased traffic levels. Therefore, Load Balancing is needed to manage service requests to the optimal application server. Software-Defined Network (SDN) has advantages in controlling the network which can be exploited with various load balancing strategies that are used to distribute traffic loads to improve overall system performance. The Performance for load balancing can be improved by selecting the server with minimum load using the Fuzzy Logic Algorithm. Traditional load balancing lacked the usage of device state data. In this study, an SDN-based Server Load Balancing method using fuzzy logic methods has been performed. Fuzzy Algorithm successfully delivers HTTP requests to lowest load server based on Distribution Server Index. In the testing, the server load must be directed at the lowest server weight so that each server should not be overloaded. In testing with a request load ranging from 100 - 500, the Fuzzy algorithm imposes more traffic distribution on the 3rd Server with the lowest server load. In the CPU usage test, the fuzzy logic algorithm has the lowest average value namely 39%. In the RAM usage test, the fuzzy logic algorithm has the lowest average value namely 54%. In the throughput test, the fuzzy logic algorithm has the highest average value namely 2KBps. The Fairness Index of Fuzzy Logic is 0.45 while Round Robin's fairness index is 0.99. Round Robin Algorithm can outperform other algorithms in terms of Fairness Index, as the fairest algorithm.
A Hub Location Problem (HLP) deals with finding the locations of hub facilities and assignment of demand nodes to established facilities. Hubs play a central role in many networks such as telecommunication networks and their unavailability may lead to network breakdown or poor service levels. An objective in design of a hub-and-spoke network is maximization of reliability to transfer flows. This paper puts forward design of a reliable single-allocation hub-and-spoke network using an interactive fuzzy goal programming. To model and solve the problem, a fuzzy goal programming approach was developed for design of network in an interactive manner between decision maker and the model. To validate the model and the proposed solution approach, a test problem is presented and comparison of results is made using this problem.
The navigation of non-holonomic mobile robot in unknown environments is one of the most important challenges in robotic. In order to accomplish that task of navigation, many techniques are used like fuzzy logic control, neural networks, etc. In this work, fuzzy logic controller is used and optimised by two soft computer techniques: genetic algorithm, and Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO). These methods are used to adjust the inputs and outputs of fuzzy logic controller in order to improve the mobile robot navigation. In this work, three methods have been presented: manually constructed fuzzy logic controller (M-Fuzzy), fuzzy logic controller optimised by genetic algorithm (GA-Fuzzy), and fuzzy logic controller optimized by PSO (PSO- Fuzzy). Simulation results are presented to compare the performances of these approaches. The results obtained prove that the evolutionary methods give more efficient mobile robot navigation in terms of distance travelled and/ or traveling time.
In wireless sensor networks, due to huge amount of packets convergent nature of upstream traffic and limited wireless bandwidth, network congestion happens easy, which is an urgent problem to be solved. The congestion control scheme is necessary to be carried out which can detect congestion precisely and regulate it fairly. To achieve this objective, a fuzzy logic based congestion control is proposed which takes advantage of current buffer occupancy and congestion index (CI) reflecting the congestion trend of each node as congestion level indications. In addition, it periodically calculates the congestion degree using fuzzy logic theory. At the same time each upstream traffic rate is adjusted according to the value of congestion degree. The scheme can quickly perceive the status and trends of the network load, and adjust quickly to avoid a lot of packet losses. Simulations are conducted for the proposal which shows that this implementation efficiently sorts out the traffic and minimizes the packet loss.
Reasonable prediction estimates of coalbed methane (CBM) has important significance for economic development. Production estimates of CBM had recognized to be complex, nonlinear, and adherent with uncertainty, so it is necessary to analyze accurately coalbed gas potential production capacity by adopting other mathematics methods. In this paper, the using of type-2 fuzzy logic system (T2FLS) as a novel approach for forecasting production of CBM has been investigated and implemented. Considering there are a lot of parameters that affect the model's performance, the authors adopted RBF neural network combined with the algorithm of Mean Impact Value to select the effect parameters. T2FLS production forecast method was applied to CBM wells of Hancheng mine. Comparative studies have been carried out to compare the performance of the proposed method with those earlier used methods. Empirical results show the proposed method has notable advantage in generalization, stability and consistency.
This paper proposes a novel method to estimate the influence of domestic consumers on power quality, namely harmonic pollution, using fuzzy logic. Comparing the conventional measurement approach, the proposed fuzzy logic method is simpler and time saving. The fuzzy logic system used to quantify the impact on harmonic distortion, contains several modules: the fuzzifier, database, base rule and defuzzifier. The fuzzy system uses the Mandami type rule structure and linguistic fuzzy approach. The fuzzy sets were developed considering the domestic consumers' electrical apparatus (electrical lamps and appliances). Thus the linguistic variables were used to implement the behavior of these loads working together.
Single intersection is generally regarded as the elementary unit for solving traffic problem. A Type-2 fuzzy logic controller (T2FLC) for single intersection signal control is presented in this paper as Type-2 fuzzy logic can handle the imprecision, uncertainties and vagueness lying in the dynamic process more efficiently. Furthermore, the membership function parameters of Type-2 fuzzy logic controller are optimized by genetic algorithm (GA). Simulation experiments are designed to compare the queue length and vehicular average delay of Type-2 fuzzy control optimized by GA with general Type-2 fuzzy control, Type-1 fuzzy control and fixed-time control under various types of vehicle arrival rate. Experimental results indicate that our proposed control method can reduce the queue length and vehicular delay at the intersection effectively and thus demonstrates its superiority.
The recent years have witnessed significant progress in the automation of sports video summarization. The vast majority of the techniques applied to sports video classifications involved black box techniques such as support vector machines (SVMs) and neural networks, which do not provide models that could be easily analysed and understood by human users. Video scenes can be regarded as continuous sequences of images, but the classification problem is much more complicated than single image classification due to the dynamic nature of the video sequence and the associated changes in light conditions, background, camera angle, occlusions, indistinguishable scene features, etc. In order to handle such high levels of uncertainties in video scenes classification, we introduce a system based on Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Classification Systems (IT2FLCS) whose parameters are optimized by the Big Bang-Big Crunch (BB-BC) algorithm which allows for real time scenes classification using optimized rules in broadcasted soccer matches video. The proposed system allows achieving relatively high classification accuracy with a small number of rules, thus increasing the system interpretability.
The paper presents a pitch angle control strategy for the doubly-fed induction generator (DFIG) wind turbine system. The strategy is developed, using the fuzzy logic control, in which it does not need the information of the system and wind speed. Also, to enhance system robustness to parameters variations and optimize dynamic and static control performance, an adaptive PI-like control loop is added to fuzzy logic control (FLC) and used as pitch angle controller in the variable-speed wind turbine system. With the proposed control strategy, when the generator speed is higher than the rated value, the wind power can be limited by adjusting the pitch angle to decrease the mechanical fatigue and enhance the efficiency. The effectiveness of the proposed method is verified by the simulation results for the 2MW doubly-fed induction generator wind turbine system.
The emerging success of Deep Learning (DL) in various application areas comes also with the questions starting with "How"s and "Why"s. These questions can be answered if the DL methods are interpretable and thus provide a certain a degree of explanation. In this paper, we propose a DL framework that leverages the advantages of β-Variational Autoencoder (VAE) and Fuzzy Sets (FSs), which are disentanglement and linguistic representation, for the design of a novel DL based Fuzzy Classifier (FC). We first present a step-by-step design approach to construct the DL-FC which is composed of the encoder layer of β-VAE and a Fuzzy Logic System (FLS) followed by a softmax layer. The β-VAE is trained so that the semantic information of the high dimensional data is captured. The latent space of the β-VAE is clustered to extract FSs. The FSs are then used to define antecedents of the FLS that is trained with DL methods. We present results conducted on the MNIST dataset and showed that DL-FC is quite competitive with its deep neural network counterpart. We then try to provide an interpretation to the antecedents of FLS by examining the FSs, the latent traversals and heat-maps of each latent dimension. The results show that the antecedents of FLS can be defined with linguistic interpretations. Thus, for the first time in the literature, we showed that linguistic interpretations can be defined for the latent space of β-VAE with FSs.
In this paper we present an online fuzzy logic toolkit for the design, implementation, execution and sharing of type-1 (T1), interval type-2 (T2) and (zSlices based) general T2 fuzzy logic system (FLSs). The motivation to develop the toolkit stems from the desire to provide a free-to-use fuzzy logic toolkit available which is platform-independent, easily accessible and which does not require any background knowledge of programming. This toolkit aims to help expand the accessibility of FLSs, in particular of T2 FLSs, to both research and industrial applications outside of the fuzzy logic community and computer science more generally. We review the features currently available through the JuzzyOnline toolkit (including a complete, previously unseen visualisation of the inference steps for zSlices based general T2 FLSs) and demonstrate a sample Fuzzy Logic System implementation of the toolkit. Finally, we conclude with some future developments and a call for feedback and contributions to aid in further development.
As a potential paradigm for enabling effective and low-latency computation at the network's edge, edge computing has recently come into the spotlight. In edge computing environments, resource allocation is essential for ensuring the best possible resource utilization while still satisfying application requirements. Traditional resource allocation algorithms, however, struggle to effectively capture the uncertainties and ambiguity associated with resource availability and application needs because of the dynamic and varied nature of edge environments. This research offers a fuzzy logic-based method for planning to allocate resources in edge computing. Fuzzy logic offers a flexible and understandable framework for modeling and reasoning with imperfect and ambiguous data. The suggested method offers a more reliable and adaptable resource allocation system that can successfully address the uncertainties present in edge computing by utilizing fuzzy logic. The resource allocation process incorporates fuzzy membership functions to capture the vagueness of resource availability and application requirements. Fuzzy rules are defined to map the linguistic variables representing resource availability, application demands, and performance objectives to appropriate resource allocation decisions. The fuzzy inference engine then utilizes these rules to make intelligent decisions regarding resource allocation, considering the fuzzy inputs and the system's predefined objectives.
In this paper, a comparison between fuzzy logic controller (FLC) and conventional PI controller has been presented for interfacing PV array with utility grid through a three-phase line-commutated inverter. The main objective of the controller is providing maximum power for utility grid. The Simulink model of the studied schemes has been built using MATLAB/PSB for generating firing pulses of the thyristors in the inverter. According to simulations, FLC is dominating PI controller in many important aspects like, provided active power for grid, shape of output current of inverter, grid current and total harmonic distortion level (THD) of this current.
Intelligent humans who constantly enhance their abilities to facilitate their activities. One of the rapidly developing technologies is image processing. Image processing can be used to detect the freshness level of common carp fish through the eye object. The classification of the freshness level of common carp fish is usually done by humans visually. This study aims to detect the freshness level of common carp fish through the eye object using fuzzy logic based on image processing. The five conditions of fish used for classifying the freshness level of common carp fish are live fish condition, fish dead ±6 hours, fish dead ± 12 hours, fish dead ± 18± hours, and fish dead ± 24 hours. The common carp fish is placed inside a mini studio box and captured using a 48 MP smartphone camera. The images of the common carp fish are processed to obtain RGB and HSV values. The Mamdani fuzzy logic system uses the RGB and HSV values to determine the domain of each set in the fuzzy logic membership function. Based on the conducted tests, it can be concluded that the Mamdani fuzzy logic method can be used to detect the freshness level of common carp fish based on the composition of RGB and HSV colors with an accuracy of 81.82%.
Traditional algorithmic methods are not appropriate to solve today's issues. Nowadays, deep-learning-based fuzzy systems are becoming famous and effective among researchers in tackling difficult issues in many sectors. The study briefly overviews the latest applications in various sectors to acquire future occurrences with a fuzzy method advancement. To examine the fuzzy system concept and its domains established between 2000 and 2018 were analyzed. The majority of mathematics features are utilized, including engineering, robotics, etc. Fuzzy Logic (FL) has grown increasingly widespread. This report analyzes the idea and use of FL in numerous sectors along with the concept of deep learning. This research illustrates an application of an FL method in medicinal, operational research along with three stages. Results showed that FL is not limited to mathematics but is a broad concept adaptable to several branches.
Fuzzy logic has always been used to enable machines to take decisions. A WMR is a wheeled mobile robot that moves on wheels. The present paper uses fuzzy logic for the navigation of a WMR in an unstructured environment.
Education is an essential part of forming quality and dignified human resources. Forming an intelligent and quality young generation is one of the roles of universities as one of the formal education providers. They are obliged to develop the best curriculum and encourage students to have competencies according to the chosen study program and graduate on time. However, there are many cases where not all students graduate on time and even drop out of school. The purpose of this research is to build a fuzzy logic model that can estimate the length of the study period so that universities can take preventive action against students who have the possibility of not graduating or dropping out or do not graduate on time. The contribution of this research is to build a model to estimate student learning time using a simplified fuzzy logic model. This simplified fuzzy logic model was proven to be able to estimate the length of learning. Initially, it consisted of 23 rules with an error rate of 11% and simplified to ten rules with 10.59%.
Fault detection using a novel approach based singleton interval type 2 fuzzy sets is presented in this paper. The main idea of introduced method is based the concept of type-2 fuzzy sets. Residual signal could be constructed using this concept and evaluation of it can be done as well. The benefits of the proposed method have been presented by a well-known benchmark problem. Simulation results depict that the proposed fault detection method is highly effective tool in fast fault detection of nonlinear systems.
Trip distribution is the second sub model of the four step model of transportation planning process. It aims to estimate the number of trips between a pair of zones. Previous studies have investigated different techniques to estimate demand of citizens, some relaying on static approach and other using dynamic approach. In this paper we will consider the use of fuzzy logic technique by means of productions and attractions trips and distance between zones. We will also compare it with the traditional gravity model implemented in different modeling software.
The mathematical apparatus using fuzzy logic for system modeling of pump control.
Based on the type-2 fuzzy logic systems and adaptive control theory, this paper develops a decentralized adaptive fuzzy controller for a permanent magnet synchronous motor (PMSM). The adaptive law is designed to compensate for the interconnection effects and the reconstruction errors, using a sliding mode term. The type-2 fuzzy logic systems are used to model the unknown functions. Based on Lyapunov's stability theorem, the stability of closed-loop systems can be verified. Moreover, the proposed overall control schemes guarantee that all the signals that are involved are bounded. To demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods, simulation results are illustrated in this paper.
This paper represent a design and simulation of a simple photovoltaic water pumping system that employs the maximum power point tracker (MPPT), a DC-DC boost converter and a DC pump motor. The main goal of this paper is to prove that fuzzy logic controller whether the fuzzy PI or the fuzzy PID is the most effective to track the maximum power by comparing it to the most used MPPT algorithm Perturb & Observe (P&O).
The monitoring of induction motors through predictive techniques and artificial intelligence has grown considerably in recent years. These techniques allow the detection of a defect in its early stages, consequently allow maintenance personnel to schedule the intervention, working within the concept of planned corrective maintenance, avoiding catastrophic failures on the production line. Among these techniques, there is the Fuzzy Logic. The motor operational conditions are described by using fuzzy linguistic variables in an effective monitoring program that acquire, analyze and present the results. The knowledge base, comprising fuzzy rules and databases, was built to support the fuzzy inference process to analyze the data processing. The experimental results shown the efficiency of the vibration sensor developed and the strategies for detection diagnosis, and on-line monitoring tasks. The results were undoubtedly impressive and in a near future the system developed can be adapted and used in real predictive maintenance programs in industries.
This paper presents the development of the E-puck mobile robot controller using a fuzzy logic approach for obstacle avoidances in various static environments. The WEBOTS simulator was selected to test E-puck performances in finding a free path to the desired target while avoiding obstacles within the environment. This E-puck model is equipped with eight proximity sensors and driven by two DC motors that will be the input and output to the development of the fuzzy inference system of the fuzzy logic controller. The execution of fuzzy rules depended on the input and output membership function which consists of the sensor distance, velocity, and turning angle of the E-puck. The results proved that the E-puck robot can avoid the obstacles successfully while heading towards the goal point in several test environments. Different numbers and shapes of obstacles were allocated within the environment. The trajectory and time taken were recorded to validate the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed fuzzy logic controller in avoiding obstacles. The trajectory indicates the safe path obtained and the time taken most when the E-puck finds a path in a complex environment as compared to the simple environment. The local minima problem can also be avoided using fuzzy control.
Spiritual Intelligence (S-Intelligence) introduced to achieve higher levels of knowledge and applying hidden knowledge. This intelligence is various in different people. When people work together in a team or set, these diverse influence on their performance. Facilitate the application of spiritual capacities by using abilities of S- intelligence is important to increase productivity teamwork. For this purpose, we provided a model of communication for individuals with different S-intelligence in performing team tasks. First, with the basics S-intelligence analysis and interviews with experts, S-intelligence was divided in five categories. Each person according to their S-Intelligence and the role that play in teamwork (individualist, thinkist and pragmatist) from this aspect that he/she can by what kind of S-intelligences and what kind of role, has an effective team relationship, has been measured. With the 690 questionnaires among individuals with experience in teamwork and group communication, we have addressed to the measurement of their communication model. After derivation the data by fuzzy logic, we analyzed and presented an effective model of teamwork based on S-intelligence.
This paper proposes the hybrid decision algorithm of discrete wavelet transform (DWT) and fuzzy logic in order to identify the location of fault in underground distribution cable. The high frequency component obtained from DWT with the mother wavelet daubechies4 (db4) is used as an index for the occurrence of faults. The first peak time of DWT, obtained from positive sequence that can detected the occurrence of faults are considered as an input pattern of decision algorithm. The obtained average accuracy results have shown that the proposed decision algorithm is able to identify the location of fault with satisfactory accuracy.
Application of engineering algorithms for varied branches of applied sciences is reliable. This paper props up the concept of application of fuzzy logic in assessing the influence of ‘Panchagavya’ — an organic concoction in regulating the tomato yield. As an effort to evaluate the ‘real aura’ of ‘Panchagavya’ as a capable nutrient cum immune protective tonic for plants especially to Tomato, ‘grow bag’ study has been carried out both with seed treatment and foliar spray of Panchagavya on the organically raised tomato plants. The results of above study are used to derive 5 fuzzy logic membership functions by converting the crisp data into fuzzy data and to defuzzify for generating results for Tomato yield. The fuzzy results confirm that Young age, with optimum application of Panchagavya with high disease resistance, high plant height and more no of fruits set is perfect membership combination for optimum output of Tomato yield.
Automatic Gain Control is widely used to smooth the signal of communication recievers. AGC circuit utilizes feedback to maintain a stable signal-power level within the receiver even though the signal level varies in a big range. But we have to note that the envelope detection part limits pass band and response speed of AGC system. So we proposed an intelligent AGC system using fuzzy logic and concluded that applying Fuzzy Logic Controller to AGC System is a way to enhance AGC circuit. In this paper, we improved the design with commercial variable gain amplifier AD603 and further analyzed pass band of the IAGC circuit.
In past few years the use of Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) are increasing tremendously in different applications such as disaster management, security surveillance, border protection, combat field reconnaissance etc. Sensors are expected to deploy remotely in huge numbers and coordinate with each other where human attendant is not practically feasible. These tiny sensor nodes are operated by battery power and the battery operated sensor node cannot be recharged or replaced very easily. So, minimization of energy consumption to prolong the network life is an important issue. To resolve this issue, sensor nodes are sometimes combined to form a group and each group is known as a cluster. In each cluster, a leader node is elected which is called as the cluster head (CH). When any event is detected, each node senses the environment and sends to the respective cluster heads. Then cluster heads send the information to the base station (BS). So, appropriate cluster head election can reduce considerable amount of energy consumption. In this paper, we propose a cluster head election algorithm using Type-2 Fuzzy Logic, by considering some fuzzy descriptors such as remaining battery power, distance to base station, and concentration, which is expected to minimize energy consumption and extends the network lifetime.
Collaborative Robots (COBOTS) are a type of robot created to work safely with humans in a workspace. The object used in this research is Universal Robots with type UR5. This robot is one of the types of COBOTS. The robot that has a shape like a human arm requires control to produce the desired motion response in its movement. The motion control method used in this study is Fuzzy Logic Control (FLC) which is simulated based on the dynamic model of UR5 to control the angular velocity of the robot to a given angular velocity reference. Motion control design of collaborative robots UR5 using Fuzzy Logic Control by making Fuzzy Patterns. After creating the Fuzzy Pattern, then simulate it on the system. Experiments, making Fuzzy patterns, are carried out until the simulation results meet the desired design criteria in this study, namely error, the difference between the angular velocity of the simulation results and the angular velocity of the reference, each joint of the UR5 robot. After conducting several experiments, two patterns obtained use simulation results that met the design criteria. The two fuzzy patterns consist of seven membership functions with representations of trapezoidal and triangular shapes, with the difference that the first pattern uses a Symmetrical Triangle, while the second pattern uses an asymmetrical triangle. The result is that the asymmetric triangle membership function produces a smaller error value than the Symmetrical Triangle membership function. With errors at 1st joint is −0.0003789%, 2nd joint is −0.3861%, 3rd joint is −0.302%, 4th joint is −0.302%, 5th joint is 0.2126%, and 6th joint is 0,00000007711%.
This article is a contribution to the theoretical study of weighted structures in fuzzy logic. We consider an important item from classical model theory: the construction of models that do not have any collection satisfying certain prescribed properties, that is, an omitting types theorem. We generalize the work done by Cintula and Diaconescu (Omitting Types Theorem for Fuzzy Logics, IEEE Transactions on Fuzzy Systems 27(2):273-277, 2019), who solved the problem for standard one-sided types. Instead, we introduce types for fuzzy structures as pairs of sets of formulas with free variables (expressing, respectively, properties to be satisfied and those to be avoided) and prove the corresponding omitting types theorem in the framework of uninorm-based logics.
This article gathers several topics together, namely fuzzy relational compositions, partial fuzzy logics, generalized quantifiers and, finally, classification as a problem serving for the demonstrative purposes. Fuzzy relational compositions as one of the most fundamental areas from the fuzzy set theory are being extended and investigated from several perspectives in the last decades. One of such perspective was to employ generalized quantifiers replacing the original existential and universal quantifiers in the construction of the compositions. Recently, the compositions have been also re-designed to deal with undefined values and thus, the topic has been joined to the fuzzy partial logics. One of such approaches proposed a specific algebra for handling missing values. This article puts all the mentioned approaches together in order to design fuzzy relational compositions dealing with missing values with help of appropriate partial operations. After a brief investigation of properties of the proposed compositions, we provide readers with an example demonstrating that the construction allows to minimize negative impact of the missing values.
Traditional mathematical models work with type-0, which means using precise numbers in the models, but since the seminal work of Prof. Zadeh in 1965, type-1 fuzzy models emerged as a powerful way to represent human knowledge and natural phenomena. Later type-2 fuzzy models were also proposed by Prof. Zadeh in 1975 and more recently have been studied and applied in real world problems by many researchers. In addition, as another extension of the original type-1 fuzzy logic, Prof. Atanassov proposed Intuitionistic Fuzzy Logic, which is a very powerful theory in its own right. Previous works of the author and other researchers have shown that certain problems can be appropriately solved by using type-1, and others by interval type-2, while others by using intuitionistic fuzzy logic. Bio-inspired and meta-heuristic optimization algorithms have been commonly used to find the optimal design of type-1, type-2 or intuitionistic fuzzy models for applications in control, robotics, pattern recognition, time series prediction, just to mention a few. However, the question still remains about if even more complex problems may require even higher types, orders or extensions of type-1 fuzzy models to obtain better solutions to real world problems. In this paper a framework for solving this problem of finding the optimal fuzzy model for a particular problem is presented. To the knowledge of the author, this is the first work to propose a systematic approach to solve this problem, and we envision that in the future this approach will serve as a basis for more efficient algorithms for the same task of finding the optimal fuzzy system.
The application of wireless sensor networks (WSNs) has been greatly improved by the advance of micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS) and radio frequency (RF) technology. Compared with the traditional networks, WSNs are data-centric, self-configuring and self healing. In this paper, a novel probabilistic fuzzy logic based localisation algorithm is proposed which can be effectively used in three-dimensional (3D) spaces for localisation in wireless sensor networks (LWSNs). Simulation results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm scales well and provides excellent positioning accuracy when varying different deployment models.
This paper presents the control design of an ankle foot orthosis for the drop foot gait. In this project a fuzzy controller is developed to control the symmetry in gait. The gait patterns are monitored through National Instrument's data acquisition system which is interfaced with a gyro sensor. A self-adaptive fuzzy logic controller along with a fuzzy rule base is developed to provide corrective actuation to the defective foot. The sensor data is then fed as an input to the fuzzy logic controller which generates the control signal for the actuator in real time.
Complex fuzzy logic is an emerging topic within computational intelligence. Investigations into complex fuzzy logic operators have mainly focused on conjunction, disjunction and negation operators. Implication operators for complex fuzzy logic have received little attention in the literature to date. We study one complex fuzzy logic, which extends Pythagorean fuzzy sets by adding the concepts of anti-membership and anti-non-membership to the familiar ones of membership and non-membership. We derive an S-implication for this logic, and elucidate its properties.
This paper proposed a new method for over current relays (OCs) problem calculation. The proposed method for over current relays problems calculation is known as the interval type 2 fuzzy logic (IT2FL). Ip and TMS of over current relays were used as IT2FL input, while the IT2FL output as operating time of over current relays. The aim of IT2FL application use was to determine the accuracy of the over current relays' operating time because that of the model relay over current (OC) has an important role for efficient coordination of power system protection devices. To evaluate the performance of the proposed method, the method was applied on PT. Kaltim Parna Industri's (PT.KPI) electrical power system. Since it is a petrochemical industry, its protection system should be excellence for maintaining the system's reliability. The proposed method was compared to both the fuzzy logic approach and the conventional method. The simulation results indicated that the new model could determine more accurately than the other one.
A novel inference configuration is proposed to improve the computational efficiency and information loss in the probabilistic fuzzy inference process. The probabilistic inference and the fuzzy inference are unified in one operation based on the continuous form of the probabilistic fuzzy set. Besides the faster inference operation, it is able to produce fuzzy outputs in a complete probabilistic distribution that in turn will provide information about the approximation bound. The computational analyses of six different fuzzy systems demonstrate the inference efficiency of the proposed method. Its effectiveness can be further demonstrated on the application to modeling of an industrial curing process. The robust modeling performance discloses its potential in process modeling under complex environment.
In this paper, simulated annealing algorithm is used to design general type-2 fuzzy logic systems (GT2FLS) with the aid of interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems (IT2FLS). The proposed practical design methodology aims to reduce computations needed to get the best footprint of uncertainty (FOU) using IT2FLS. Simulated annealing is used to learn IT2FLS followed by learning the secondary membership functions in GT2FLS using a novel parameterization method. This methodology has been applied to four bench-mark problems. some practical issues have been discussed and some analysis of the results obtained by IT2FLS and GT2FLS has been drawn.
Since fuzzy logic controllers (FLCs) can handle complex systems without knowing much about the systems' mathematical model, they are widely used for a range of robotic control applications. Further, the ability of FLCs (particularly, type-2 FLCs) to effectively capture and accommodate uncertainties has made them one of the suitable choices for implementing robotic control applications in uncertain environments. However, developing type-1 and type-2 FLCs for real-time robotic control applications is relatively more challenging than developing traditional controllers such as PID controllers. The reason is, the fuzzy logic calculations involved are more complex and not much tools have been developed to assist FLC application developers. In this paper, therefore, using an object-oriented approach and unified model language (UML), we demonstrate a systematic approach for developing a new generic and configurable fuzzy logic system (FLS) library that eases the implementation of real-time type-1 and interval type-2 FLC applications based on both Mamdani and Takagi-Sugeno-Kang (TSK) inference mechanisms. To evaluate the developed library, we have implemented it for the interval type-2 TSK fuzzy logic altitude control of a quadcopter unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). The response of this fuzzy logic controller is then compared with the response of a classical PD controller.
To improve the (α, β)-resolution efficiency of intuitionistic fuzzy propositional logic, we apply linear resolution and ordered resolution to (α, β)-resolution. Provide the concepts of (α, β)-linear resolution, (α, β)-ordered resolution and reducible ordered clause. Propose the (α, β)-ordered linear resolution method based on intuitionistic fuzzy propositional logic. The similar literals and merger rule of (α, β)-ordered linear resolution are discussed. Finally, the (α, β)-ordered linear resolution algorithm is presented and an example is given to illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.
Contrast enhancement in digital image processing is application-specific and the measure of the quality of the image is subjective. Hence, the interpretation of an image with good contrast differs from one individual to another. Various contrast enhancement methods have been developed such as contrast stretching, histogram equalization, homomorphic filtering, etc. This paper presents an adaptive contrast enhancement technique using fuzzy logic. Fuzzy logic has been observed to be very effective at managing data that is ambiguous and vague in nature. As contrast can also be considered a vague term, fuzzy logic can be effectively used to amplify the contrast of an image. We have established an adaptive fuzzy inferencing system which determines the pixel value of the output based on the contrast measure of the input image. The contrast measure selected is the standard deviation of the image. The experimental results have been compared with existing methods of contrast enhancement and have been assessed both visually and quantitatively.
Perinatal hypoxia is a major cause of brain injury in preterm babies. Thus, neuro-protective treatments play a pivotal role during the first 6-8 hours post hypoxic-ischemic insult. However, at present it is not possible to determine which infants are suffering from hypoxic ischemia. Recent investigations suggest that there are high frequency micro-scale transients exist in the first 6-8 hours of a hypoxic ischemic EEG which could be utilized as the useful benchmarks for the prediction of hypoxia. Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems (Type-2 FLS) have the capability to handle inherent uncertainties in nonlinear signals. This paper describes the application of a Type-2 FLS to detect spikes in the preterm fetal sheep electroencephalogram (EEG) after asphyxia in utero. The Type-2 FLS differentiates each detected event in terms of its spikiness and specifies the potential events based on their degree of similarity to an EEG expert definition of a standard spike. An adaptive thresholding method has been employed in order to increase the spike detection ability of the purposed system. The sensitivity and selectivity verify enhanced performance of the Type-2 FLS for spike detection in fetal sheep EEG signals with a 98.1% and 93.7% respectively which are significantly improved in comparison to our previous methods.
Due to the differences in the diagnostic characteristics and criteria of various methods, the conclusions are often inconsistent when using these methods to diagnose faults. when transformer faults occur, it is often a combination of multiple fault types, and the correspondence between fault types and fault symptoms is fuzzy. In order to describe the fuzzy correspondence in the complex fault diagnosis, the fuzzy mathematical theory is further introduced on the basis of the information fusion diagnosis method, and a comprehensive diagnosis method based on the information fusion and fuzzy logic is proposed. Among them, semi-cauchy lifting function was used as the subordinating function to replace the original binary function for boundary fuzzification of the criterion coding boundary. Furthermore, the coding criteria are expressed as subordinating function to form the subordinating correlation matrix. For diagnosis logic reasoning, “intersection” and “union” in fuzzy logic reasoning are respectively used to replace “and” and “or logic in binary logic to form multi-value output of fuzzy decision. The diagnosis results represent the probability of occurrence of different fault types.
The basic requirement of mobile robot localization is to know the information about its position and direction. The extended Kalman filter is an excellent tool to estimate the robot's posture in its work environment. Traditional extended Kalman filter uses fixed error covariance matrices Q and R, which does not conform the real situation. In this paper, GA-fuzzy logic controller is developed to adjust the error covariance matrices on-line. To improve the accuracy of fuzzy logic controller, a genetic algorithm is developed to tune the membership functions. The simulation results show that the proposed approach has good performance.
In this paper, a novel control scheme for the flexible air-breathing hypersonic vehicle (FAHV) using adaptive interval type-2 fuzzy logic system (AIT2-FLS) is proposed to reduce the side effects of measurement noises in the velocity channel and altitude channel as well as flexible dynamics in real applications. After input-output linearization of the longitudinal model of FAHV, the dynamic inversion controller is formulated to track the reference commands based on state feedback. The AIT2-FLS is further developed to deal with the model uncertainties and input errors. Besides, the state estimator is applied to estimate the true values of the corrupted outputs. The stability characteristics of both the controller and the state estimator are analyzed. The whole control scheme is finally obtained through combining the controller and the state estimator based on the separation principle. Simulation results demonstrate the robustness of our proposed control scheme against measurement noises and flexibilities.
This paper deals with a scheme of Antenna array synthesis by varying amplitude using Fuzzy logic. Here it has been tried to get new radiation pattern of the antenna array by changing the amplitude of the antenna array elements. Spacing between the elements of the antenna array and the corresponding phase - shift is given to the input of the Fuzzy logic controller and corresponding defuzzified values of amplitude is obtained at the output of the controller. Putting the new values of amplitude to the each and every element, the new radiation pattern will be obtained. This method can be used for the reduction of the Side Lobe Level (SLL) of the antenna radiation pattern to a certain extent where the exact values of the spacing and phase - shift is not known.
Landfill is by far the dominant and most economical method for the disposal of solid waste worldwide. The landfill ecosystem involves several physical, chemical, and biological processes that take place simultaneously. The complexity of the landfill processes as well as the uncertainty of solid waste characteristics have led to the implementation of unconventional techniques in modeling the system. In fact, no conventional model could be successfully developed for such a nonlinear ill-defined system because it is practically impossible to isolate the individual effect of its variables and satisfactorily identify its behaviour. Recently, knowledge-based techniques, such as fuzzy logic, became widely used to model complex systems based on qualitative knowledge about their behaviour. This paper presents an implementation of fuzzy logic to solve a serious operational problem in modern landfills. A typical sanitary landfill evolves through consecutive operational phases which are hard to distinguish and characterize. The identification of these phases is vital because each phase has different requirements that have to be met in order to assure safe and smooth transition from one phase to another. A fuzzy logic controller was developed to identify the operational phase of a landfill at a given time based on certain quantitative characteristics of the leachate generated and biogas produced.
In this work, Dissolved gas Analysis (DGA) has been implemented using soft computing models namely fuzzy logic and Adaptive Neuro fuzzy inference system (ANFIS). DGA has developed as an effective tool for the identification of transformer incipient faults. A number of standards and procedures have evolved over the years making DGA more reliable and user friendly. A comparative study of the two models has been developed based on their ability to circumvent the limitations of the IEC 599 standard, Rogers ratio method and Doernenburg's method. The models have been tested using a reported fault database for their diagnostic capability. Results presented in this paper clearly indicate the superiority of the ANFIS model over the fuzzy system. The ANFIS model presents a reliable system with relative high degree accuracy. ANFIS model being very simple to develop can obviate the limitations of conventional methods of transformer fault diagnosis using DGA.
In this paper we propose the use of a hybrid PSO-GA optimization method for automatic design of fuzzy logic controllers (FLC). The optimal fuzzy logic controllers are used for the trajectory tracking control of autonomous mobile robots. The bio-inspired and the evolutionary methods are used to find the parameters of the membership functions of the FLC to obtain the optimal controller. Simulation results are obtained with Simulink showing the feasibility of the proposed approach. A comparison is also made among the proposed Hybrid PSO-GA, GA and PSO to determine if there is a significant difference in the results.
This conference paper investigated the application of advanced fuzzy logic optimization methodologies to enhance the DTC mechanisms in DS-IM. Initially, the paper presented a detailed modeling of the DS-IM, preparing the foundation for a thorough examination of the improved DTC technique. Following this, the paper delineated the integration of a refined fuzzy logic optimization algorithm, which was designed to enhance the accuracy and efficiency of the DTC system. To confirm the success of this approach, a series of detailed simulations were conducted using the MATLAB/SIMULINK software. The results from these simulations clearly showed significant improvements in how the motor operated and performed, making a strong case for the use of advanced fuzzy logic optimization in the complex world of motor control systems.
The solutions to parameter setting of PID controllers have always been an essential problem of control system design. The single-neuron PID controller can achieve the parameters' self-adaption to the real operation conditions by adjusting the gain value. Two computational intelligent algorithms deriving their theory sources from the uncertain reasoning are introduced to realize the on-line adjustments of gain, which are general fuzzy logic and a normal cloud model with universality. The designs on these two regulators are given containing the forms of the membership functions under the fuzzy logic & cloud model, control rules for 1-dimensional & 2-dimensional input modes, and the inference models, etc. The numerical simulations are implemented and the comparative analysis on the dynamic performance is presented based on the existent step responses and the adjustable parameters' curves with adaptive changes. By contrast, it concludes that a 2-dimensional normal cloud model leads to the desired overshoot, and its 1-dimensional model with shorter program running time adapts to occasions of high real-time demands, and fuzzy logic regulators can better meet the control requirements of the shorter setting time.
Photovoltaic generation is the technique which uses photovoltaic cell to convert solar energy to electric energy. Nowadays, PV generation is developing increasingly fast as a renewable energy source. However, the disadvantage is that PV generation is intermittent for depending on weather conditions. This paper proposes an intelligent control method for the maximum power point tracking (MPPT) of a photovoltaic system under variable temperature and solar radiation conditions. This method uses a fuzzy logic controller applied to a DC-DC boost converter device. A photovoltaic system including a solar panel, a DC-DC converter, a Fuzzy MPP tracker and a resistive load is modeled and simulated. Finally performance comparison between fuzzy logic controller and Perturb and Observe method has been carried out which has shown the effectiveness of fuzzy logic controller to draw much energy and fast response against change in working conditions.
This work aims at integrating fuzzy logic and quality function deployment (QFD) technique to determine the critical chain in a project with uncertainties. The degree of fuzziness of every activity in a project is defined and calculated by QFD so as to (1) evaluate the effects of project uncertainties, (2) select adaptively the fuzzy logic model, and (3) calculate the buffer time of the critical chain. The example of a project with 11 activities facing 6 uncertainties: project time limit, activity begin time, budget, manpower, technical difficulty, and facility requirement is applied to demonstrate the effectiveness of the model integrating fuzzy logic and QFD. Analysis shows that project scheduling by this proposed integration is superior to that by Project Evaluation and Review Technique (PERT) and by the conventional critical chain method. Not only the scheduling is more efficient, but also the buffer time in critical chain can be systematically determined to accommodate the uncertainties.
In this work vibrations of a single degree of freedom spring mass damper system are controlled using fuzzy logic. Firstly, fuzzy logic based negative velocity feedback is used. Velocity is fuzzified into 3 sets and force is also fuzzified into 3 sets. Need for having central set `Z' around origin is discussed. Thereafter simulations are done so as to understand effect of size of base of `Z' for velocity as well as for force and effect of replacing right angled fuzzy sets with isosceles fuzzy sets. Finally, one fuzzy logic based active vibration controller is developed which is based upon displacement and velocity of single degree of freedom system.
Abduction deals with assumption-based reasoning to explain an observation. In the context of fuzzy reasoning, abduction attempts to determine the membership function of the fuzzy propositions present in the antecedent of a rule when the membership functions for the propositions in the consequent of the rule are given. Currently available models of fuzzy abduction are capable of inferring the membership function of the antecedent clause accurately when the antecedent includes single fuzzy proposition. However, when the antecedent clause of a rule contains multiple fuzzy propositions, these models fail to determine the independent membership function of the individual propositions present in the antecedent. This paper presents a new formulation to handle the above problem by fuzzy extension of the well-known contraposition property of propositional logic. Several interesting properties due to the fuzzy extension of the classical contraposition have been derived. An algorithm for automated abduction using the extended contraposition property has been developed to demonstrate the principle of abduction with rules containing one or more fuzzy propositions in the antecedent/consequent. The time complexity of the proposed fuzzy abduction for a sequence of n-chained rules, where each rule has m fuzzy propositions, is O (mn), considering a uniform cost for composition operation and t-norm computation of the antecedent.
One of the tools used to determine soil characteristics is the Triaxial test tool. The pressure of the backpressure system on the Triaxial test equipment using the CU method must be constant due to it will affect the results of the soil sample test on the Triaxial tool. The purpose of this research is to create a back-pressure control system with liquid fluid media using Sugeno type fuzzy logic. The system was tested with a variation of 5 types of pressure, namely 1 kg/cm 2, 2 kg/cm 2, 3 kg/cm2, 4 kg/cm2, and 5 kg/cm 2. The rise time of the control system without fuzzy is faster, respectively 1.3s, 1.1s, 1.1s, 0.8s, and 0.94 s when compared to the control system using fuzzy, but the control system without fuzzy provides an oscillating response while the fuzzy control system can achieve the stable condition without oscillation. In addition, the overshoot for each tested pressure had a difference of 13%, 15.5%, 18.34%, 16.5%, and 12.8%, respectively. The percentage of fuzzy control system overshoot is less than 3% of the steady-state, while the overshoot of the fuzzy control system is in the range of 15%-20%.
The role of the tennis ball picker robot is to work to pick up tennis balls that are on the court after they are not used in a match. The tennis ball picker robot is an implementation of a vision-based robot designed to use object tracking techniques in tracking an object by utilizing digital image processing. This process gives the robot the ability to know the motion of the tennis ball. In this research, the robot will track the position of a tennis ball which has the characteristics of color, shape and size. Pixy2 CMUcam5 image sensor use to detect the tennis ball, while to control the position of the robot uses the fuzzy logic method. Input from fuzzy logic is the x and y coordinate points of the tennis ball's position towards the robot. The output of the fuzzy logic is the speed of the motor actuator on the robot wheel to move the robot to detected tennis ball position. Infrared sensor can detect tennis ball as far as 100 cm and tennis ball position point is detected by Pixy2 CMUcam5 camera sensor at coordinates (169, 170). By using the fuzzy logic method the robot can pick up a tennis ball at the 7th second.
Zadeh fuzzy set is defined with single fuzzy membership for incomplete information. Fuzzy set with two fuzzy membership functions "True" and "False" will give more information than the single fuzzy membership function. Zadeh and Mamdani fuzzy conditional inferences need to know both "Precedent part" and "Consequent part". In many applications like Medical diagnosis, Business intelligence and Control systems, the consequent part may not be known. In this paper, fuzzy conditional inference is studied when consequent part is not known. Generalized fuzzy logic with two membership function is studied for Rough sets. Fuzzy Certainty Factor(FCF ) is studied as the difference of "True " and "False" to eliminate the conflict of evidence The fuzzy control system is given as an application.
This paper deals with an analysis of intermittent observations for mobile robot localization with Fuzzy Logic approach. Mobile robot can easily lost its sight during environment observations due to several factors such as sensor faulty, and dynamic conditions. This can lead to erroneous estimation and the mobile robot become uncertain about its position. As a solution to this issue, this paper proposed a study on Fuzzy Logic technique to overcome such problem considering the Extended Kalman Filter(EKF) measurement innovation characteristic. The rules and fuzzy sets are designed such that it preserved good estimation whenever the relative angle and its relative distance measurements suddenly becomes larger than the previous measurements. The simulation results discusses two different cases observing the performance of the proposed technique. The results show that EKF with Fuzzy Logic technique is able to deal with intermittent observations if the design takes proper analysis and consideration on the measurement innovations.
Amount of text for a particular topic is increasing at an exponential rate each day, causing availability of bulk text data, some of which will be relevant to our search while some data may be irrelevant. In such case we need to summarize the text document, so as to understand the key elements of the document. A Hybrid Automatic Summarizer using soft computing techniques namely, Fuzzy logic system and deep neural system is proposed. The summary is based on extractive summarization technique. Restricted boltzman Machine (RBM) is used in the deep neural network and fuzzy rule base on the sentences for feature extraction using a sentence matrix. Evaluation of hybridized systems gave better summary as compared to the individual systems.
Power transformers are crucial component of electrical system for reliable and effective electric power transfer. Dissolved gas analysis (DGA) of transformer oil is currently the mostly used method for online diagnostics of power transformers. The International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) three ratio method, that was established via extensive research on gases created from specific faults, is just one of the interpretive techniques used to diagnose the incipient faults based on DGA results. This technique fails to detect the fault type if the measured ratio of gases are slightly diverged from the crisp boundaries of ranges assigned by this technique. The present paper introduces a fuzzy logic approach to overcome the limitation of the conventional IEC technique. This approach demonstrates a significant improvement in diagnostic accuracy of DGA results. The approach provides more accurate evaluation of transformer problems, thereby assisting power utilities in deciding whether to repair, replace, or refurbish a transformer.
An improved method FLRS, a fuzzy logic with numeric weight for reading recommendation system, is proposed in this paper. Different numeric weights are attached to input factors which affect order result of reading recommendation materials in FLRS. The aim of this study is to improve the method RM-UP that proposed in author's previous study in terms of improve the efficiency and accuracy of the reading recommendation system. The experiment result demonstrate that the efficiency and accuracy of FLRS has significantly improved than RM-UP.
Recently so many researches are concerned with the combined facility location and network design models for facility location and coverage problems. In this models we want to find the optimum location of facility by constructing an underlying network. We can use this for distribution network, transportation networks, health centers and emergency allocations, etc. At this study a mathematical programming model is introduced that facilities are opened on the nodes and it is assumed for connecting demand nodes and facilities there are different links with different quality that just one of them should be selected. Also if a facility in a node can't satisfy demand the demand is sent to a facility in other node and satisfied by this facility called backup facility. Also decision process is affected by uncertainty and concept of information inherently is mixed with uncertainty. Fuzzy logic can introduce mathematical models for hazy concepts and variables and systems and also showing a way for argument, control and making decision in uncertainty condition. In complex systems with high uncertainty fuzzy logic is best way for the modeling. At this study demands are considered in uncertain form and are introduced in the form of fuzzy numbers. The problem is modeled for different size and the computational results are compared.
Inventory is carrying high risk and high benefit as a supply chain management system. A shortage or lack of supplying sufficient inventory can disrupt manufacturing plan. Inventory management plays an important role to avoid shortage or ending up with overstock. The most important task of inventory management is making trade-off between the minimization of the total cost and maximization of the customer satisfaction. The goal of this study is to introduce a model that can maximize the availability rate of accessories and reduce the total inventory costs in conversion services. To overcome this problem, the Fuzzy Logic Approach was used. Fuzzy logic was used to control uncertainties in demand and supply. Fuzzy logic control is now being the effective methodology in many applications under uncertainty. In the proposed Fuzzy Inventory System (FIS), both demand and lead time are described in linguistic terms. Then, the developed fuzzy rules were used to extract the fuzzy order quantity. The fuzzy model reduced the total inventory cost almost by 26%. In addition, no shortage was allowed in these models.
Hybrid off-grid system based on hydrogen systems is investigated in this paper to schedule the operations of fuel cell and electrolyzer. The frequent switching operations of the studied components results in diverse impacts on the lifetime of components and thus affects the economic study of the project due to frequent maintenance and replacements. Various control techniques have been studied and conducted to fully optimize the switching operations without affecting the energy production produced by the system. Fuzzy logic algorithm is used in this paper to conduct a generic model for the controlled behavior of the fuel cell and electrolyzer operations during the day. This proposed control system maintains the maximum utilization of the available surplus power with respect to the constraints of energy storage in the system. The study was applied for a hybrid solar PV/wind turbines/hydrogen system in Cairo international Airport to supply a community load of 4980 kWhr/day.
This paper proposes the smart water bottle system based on Internet of Things (IoT) using Fuzzy Logic method. This system has input data from water level and temperature levels. Various water levels and room temperatures are used to calculate the level of water consumption. The Fuzzy Inference System provides three classes, i.e. Low, Medium and High, which indicates user drinking requirements. Fuzzy results are selected according to the input given by the sensor for predicting water consumption, after generating the output directly sent to the server to be converted into a drink reminder notification. By using the fuzzy logic method, the prediction of the consumption of drinking water needed for daily activity is quite accurate and it can also be observed that the prediction model by fuzzy produces the appropriate output. This model is tested with a 3-hour notification period for one day and is able to predict water consumption. The result shows the effectiveness of smart water bottle system on predicting water consumption.
The effective and efficient use of dependable cloud infrastructures requires the agreement between users and cloud providers on resources, services, operating conditions, and features as well as the mapping of users' requirements onto the cloud architecture. In this paper, we identify the different ways in which fuzzy logic can be profitably adopted in performing these tasks, providing flexibility in capturing users' needs and dealing with complex architectures and conflicting or hardly-satisfiable requirements. We specifically put forward the idea of using fuzzy logic at the user-side, to enable the specification of users' needs in crisp or fuzzy ways and their homogenous processing.
In this research, the application of Fuzzy Logic Controller (FLC) based Automatic Voltage Regulator (AVR) system is presented. The AVR is a device to control the reactive power and hold the terminal voltage of the synchronous generator at safer limits. In this paper FLC based, AVR system is analyzed with Triangular membership functions (MF). Two inputs, error voltage and change in error voltage are considered as inputs of the FLC. In this study, triangular MF is considered and checked the performance of fuzzy AVR system with different proportional integral derivative (PID) controllers in literature. It is found that the proposed FLC based AVR system reflects better performance in comparison to PID controller based AVR system.
Microwave filters are the core frequency selection device in 5G base station, which play an important role in the field of communication. The errors of design and processing of microwave filter make it difficult to meet the specific requirements of frequency selection, thus the tuning process before delivery is significant. However, the tuning process relies heavily on skilled workers, resulting in low tuning efficiency and high cost. The automatic tuning method based on fuzzy logic does not depend on the model and has strong applicability. It has great practical value to the production trend of multi-variety, small batch and customization of microwave filters. In this paper, a variable universe adaptive fuzzy tuning method is proposed. First, intelligent optimal contraction-expansion factors based on fuzzy inference are proposed according to expert knowledge. Then, the input universe and output universe are multiplied, and the initial rule is transformed into more effective new rules through the transformation which is adaptive to the variable universe. Last, the effectiveness of the proposed tuning method is verified by simulations.
Considering the needs for the future smart grids to precisely estimate the energy demand of a consumer, a fuzzy-logic based method is adopted in this paper that provides a comprehensive ground for planning and scheduling of the equipment or load. This method of estimation covers the most important aspect i.e. the uncertainty which is inherently associated with the forecasted data. The Fuzzy logic system helps the smart grid operator to estimate the data more accurately by defining the extent to which a certain value is true or false, which in other words known as the degree of truth. For this purpose, a proposed method is implemented on a real-life data that demonstrates the effectiveness of the method.
This paper deals with the basis of a fuzzy controller suitable to be used for the regulation of systems by judicious choice of rule bases and intervals for each selected fuzzy variable. Also an algorithm describes the main steps for designing a Fuzzy controller has any number of rules. A direct application to the parallel active power filter (APF) capacitor voltage regulation is presented with their simulation in MATLAB. Also an application with 2nd order system is presented in the case of a variable reference to show the effectiveness of this type of regulators.
The concept of intelligent agents has emerged from artificial intelligence and cognitive science. These intelligent agents can act as tutors and support students for problem solving in various domains. Agents which are based on the concept of fuzzy logic are termed as fuzzy agents. They can be used in modeling the uncertain behavior of various complex problems and also for predicting the uncertainty level of the students. Systems which have immense capabilities to provide its learners with step-by-step instructions as per their own learning status using computer based instructions are called Intelligent Tutoring System (ITS). The ITS system which has fuzzy characteristics can be called as fuzzy ITS. In this paper, the fuzzy inference system is developed and evaluated in MATLAB for fuzzy ITS which will help students in enhancing their learning skills.
Adaptive bandwidth PLL design based on fuzzy logic control is presented for the problem of tracking poor stability and low accuracy when a certain type of radar tracking dynamic spacecraft. This method is mainly through fuzzy logic controller, adaptive level is determined by control rule of input respectively, and the outputs of rules are weighted combined to control the coefficient of loop filter, thus adjusting automatically the loop bandwidth, and enhancing the tracking stability of radar equipment and improving ranging accuracy. The simulation results show that the fuzzy logic control adaptive bandwidth PLL has higher tracking stability and accuracy.
Coronary Heart Disease causes many deaths in the world's population. Unfortunately, this issue of concern will become more and more troublesome in the future. This paper presents a fuzzy logic model for predicting coronary heart disease. This model has been developed with 7 input variables, and 1 output variable, that was implemented for 30 patients in Albania. In this research, the fuzzy logic toolbox is used for this model. Fuzzy model inputs are considered: the blood pressure, cholesterol, physical activity, diabetes, age, BMI, and smoking, whereas the output is the disease classification. The fuzzy sets and membership functions are chosen appropriately. The centroid method is used for defuzzification. The database is taken from University Hospital Centre "Mother Teresa" in Tirana, Albania.
The growth of the randomly and indeterminately changing state of electric network of power grid, caused by the use of distributed generation, continues to significantly affect the behavior and modeling for planning and operational control of its mode. Existing approaches become inadequate for models with probabilistic fuzzy parameters. In these conditions, the issues of development of new methods, algorithms and control tools for regime parameters of electric networks based on the theories of fuzzy logic and fuzzy sets become more urgent. Model and algorithm for controlling capacitor banks in electrical networks with distributed generation, based on the use of fuzzy logic mathematical apparatus, is proposed in the paper.
The power system needs to operate reliably and efficiently, with the distribution system being a critical component. Distribution systems are prone to faults and malfunctions for several reasons. These issues can have a significant impact on the power grid, but their effects can be minimized quickly and accurately through fault diagnostics. Electric utilities face an ongoing challenge in promptly and precisely identifying and locating faults in the distribution system. AI tools can be an efficient method for accurately identifying these faults. There are several possible diagnostic methods, such as fuzzy logic, ANN (artificial neural network), ANFIS (adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference system), support vector machines, genetic algorithms, and matching approaches. Each technique has its own advantages and disadvantages. The paper has employed fuzzy logic for fault detection, identification, and location. This paper includes the study of multiple faults on different buses. Also, the identification and location of multiple faults are included. The simulation and algorithm development have been carried out in MATLAB/Simulink. Thus, fault detection, identification, and location have been done through a fuzzy logic algorithm.
This paper presents three PWM techniques, space vector PWM (SVPWM), Bus clamped SVPWM1 (BCSVPWM1) and Bus clamped SVPWM2 (BCSVPWM2), which results in the same average switching frequency for a given sampling time, and speed of induction is control using Scalar Control. SVPWM gives the more rms stator flux ripples in induction motor at 0.76 modulation indices, which gives more ripples in current and torque distortion. The flux performance of the induction motor is improved using three PWM (TPWM) due to twin switching transition with less area of rms stator flux ripple. The PI-control (PIC) doesn't give the good dynamic performance of the induction motor drive using two level Voltage Source Inverter due to sudden changes in the load or speed. Further to improve dynamic performance in the torque and Flux of induction motor drive is simulated using type-2 fuzzy logic control (TP2FLC) in place of PIC because; TP2FLC is effectively dealing with uncertainties, and simulation results of speed, torque, flux and stator current of induction motor is compare with PIC of SVPWM and TPWM.
The polylactide (PLA) filament needs proper care and maintenance since it is a delicate material. Thermoplastic readily absorbs water, which can become brittle over time if stored in a humid environment. PLA filament storage must have the following conditions: store in a dry place, keep in hermetic containers, protect from direct sunlight, and store in a temperature range between 10 to 40 degrees Celsius. Since temperature plays an important role because, in the city of Poza Rica, Ver., temperatures above 40 degrees Celsius are reached in summer, this research paper presents a new methodology for a storage container for PLA material based on a low-cost embedded system and with a fuzzy control algorithm of 49 linguistic rules, for the regulation of the internal temperature of the container. The fuzzy logic controller presented a maximum error in temperature of less than 1% of error.
In Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) design, the energy factor is the most critical issue due to the limited capacity of the sensor nodes power sources. The clustering is one of the most representative approaches for reducing the energy consumption in large scale WSN. This paper suggests a new two levels energy efficient clustering approach based on fuzzy logic model to improve the network lifetime. A two-level clustering scenario is considered in which fuzzy logic is applied in both Step1 and Step2 for respectively cluster head (CH) selection and cluster formation processes. The proposed model uses similarity parameters: similarity difference rate and similarity coverage rate, to measure the spatial correlation of data in the network, the distance parameters: closeness to CH, closeness to the sink and the residual energy as fuzzy logic inputs. Comparing the new proposed fuzzy logic based clustering to other schemes and variants of clustering approaches through simulation shows its better performance in terms of energy consumption and network lifetime extension.
The Fuzzy Logic Control (FLC) strategy like other control methods has some disadvantages like less accuracy, high Total Harmonic Distortion (THD) and low respond of speed. In this paper, first a proposed structure for improving FLC by Super Twisting Sliding Mode (STSM) controller has been introduced. Then a Linear Induction Motor (LIM) has been designed and optimized using Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm. The results show, ripple of output speed in the proposed structure was 1.07% and ripple of speed’s path in that was 0.37%, while in the FLC, ripple of output speed and ripple of speed’s path was 2.01% and 0.5%, respectively. Also, actual speed in the FLC and proposed structure, achieved to reference speed in 312ms and 156ms, respectively. As well as, stator current’s THD of the proposed structure and FLC was 9.17% and 20.05%, respectively.
Detection of new faults in the transformer early is very important to prevent accidents and to reduce the related material losses. Dissolved gas analysis (DGA) is widely used for this purpose. There are methods according to different standards for DGA. Conventional methods used in the implementation of DGA are improved by using intelligent systems.In this study, IEC ratio method, one of the classical methods, were used. A intelligent fuzzy-based analysis was done using MATLAB. The results obtained from fuzzy logic and real faults are given in the table and a comparative evaluation of the IEC methods is made.
In order to manage the traffic at the intersection, the traffic lights are often used. These lights are turned on and off at the predetermined time. Intelligent traffic control systems are designed to dynamically treat the problem of traffic and reduce traffic, pollution and transit time of vehicles at the intersection. In this paper we present a design of intelligent traffic control based on fuzzy logic. The input parameters for intelligent controller are selected with the various modes of intersections to be a true simulation of the intersection environment. In order to facilitate the hardware implementation and increasing the computational speed decision algorithm state machine in this system is written in Verilog language and has capability to implement in the Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA). The simulation results show that the proposed traffic signal controller system (that has been) designed with fuzzy logic has better performance than other designed systems.
Oxygen is one of the components of gas which is a vital element in the metabolic process. Lack of oxygen can cause metabolism to occur imperfectly, causing the death of tissues and even life-threatening. Weaning the oxygen therapy is a solution to overcome this lack of oxygen. Medical personnel usually use this method as a medicine in an emergency conditions.This study aims to design an adaptive oxygen flow rate control and design an interface on an oxygen therapy device. The MAX30100 sensor is used to read oxygen saturation data, and the MLX90614 sensor is used as a source for processing the patient's respiration rate. Oxygen flow is controlled using fuzzy logic programmed in the microcontroller, and the sensor reading and processing data will be displayed on the Nextion interface. Furthermore, in testing the prototype, the use of the MAX30100 sensor and the MLX90614 sensor as a detector of the patient's condition has been able to control the oxygen flow rate that follows the oxygen flow requirement that needs to be given to the patient. In addition, the fuzzy system can produce an output value that matches the value of the given input with an average error of less than 2%, and besides that, the accuracy of the testing of the respiration rate reached a value of 93.70% on the prototype.
This paper proposes a new algorithm for auto tuning of PID controllers whose gains are calculated through a self-tuning of the phase and gain margins for the closed-loop system using Interval Fuzzy Type-2 Logic with genetic auto-tuning of its membership functions. Simulations by using a nonlinear conical tank are presented with the objective of verifying the effectiveness of proposed control method. The results show that the presented strategy improves the controller performance for the conical tank.
In modern conditions of microelectronic products manufacture the automated control of photomasks quality is an important problem. It execution on the basis of the proposed the intellectual quality control system of photomasks allowed to select and classify defects. Using of fuzzy logic in the algorithm development of photomasks defects classification is allowed to increase of classification reliability.
The paper presents one of the possibilities how to control selected mechatronic system using the fuzzy logic. The proposed solution is illustrated on the case study that is simulated in co-simulation of two different modeling environments - Matlab-Simulink and MSC Adams. This co-simulation consists of the data transfer between mentioned environments while the control part is realized in Matlab-Simulink by fuzzy controller and the dynamics of the mechatronic system is created in MSC Adams.
Image compression has been a long-term focus in the image processing field, which plays an important role in improving the image performance in complex system. This paper aims at addressing an important issue in the design of image compression algorithm, which is the bit rate real-time control strategy for image. To cope with this problem, this paper presents a novel approach by using advanced computational intelligence method, namely, type-2 fuzzy logic. In our proposed algorithm, we focus on the construction of fuzzy sets and the design of type-2 fuzzy logic on the quantization control used in discrete cosine transform (DCT). Moreover, we provide an image coding system with proposed fuzzy optimization algorithm, in which we establish the fuzzy rules of the gain factor used in image compression. Through simulations, the effectiveness of the proposed system is validated. It shows satisfactory performance in keeping the image bit rate.
In wealthy nations, the demand for electrical energy is steadily increasing, despite the scarcity of available resources. Considering that individuals spend approximately 80% of their lives indoors, it is imperative to implement energy-efficient lighting solutions to reduce electricity consumption. In this research, we have developed a prototype of an intelligent lamp that employs LUX sensors and fuzzy logic to automatically adjust power usage based on ambient light levels. The primary objective of this study is to minimize energy wastage through experimentation with the prototype's performance. Our findings indicate that, depending on the room's lighting conditions, this innovative smart lamp can achieve an average energy savings of 45.46%.
This paper proposes the practical realization of a fuzzy variable structure control applied to a PWM inverter. Variable structure Control (VSC) is a robust control method for handling nonlinear systems where occur parameter variations and external disturbances. However, control input chattering round sliding surface exists, and may deteriorate the system performance. To reduce the chattering, a fuzzy logic for VSC is applied to overcome the problem. By composing the advantages of both VSC and fuzzy logic (FL), the PWM Inverter system can be designed and produces low total harmonic distortion (THD) output voltage and fast dynamic response under different types of load. Experimental results on a single-phase PWM inverter laboratory prototype controlled by a dSPACE-based DSP controller are presented to illustrate the improved performance, particularly under severe rectifier load. Moreover, for comparison purposes, a conventional variable structure controlled single-phase PWM inverter is also tested on the same experimental system.
The paper examines the features of various approaches to the construction of automatic control systems for technological objects in the production and transportation of oil. An analytical description of automation and telemechanization objects based on system parameters is given. The main characteristics of the considered technological processes are considered, and the most important factors for effective systems of automatic data objects are highlighted. Identification models of the considered system are investigated. It is concluded that it is necessary to use neuro-fuzzy and fuzzy controllers with discrete terms to control nonlinear objects.
It is important to use a reliable maximum power point tracking (MPPT) approach to guarantee that wind production systems are fully beneficial. This paper is discussing the operation principle of adaptive fuzzy logic controllers (AFLC) in double fed induction generator wind turbine. The acquired findings attest to AFLC’s superiority over traditional PI control systems. The adaptive fuzzy logic controller has more promising results as compared to old PI controller. The investigation has been done by using MATLAB/SIMULINK 2023a package. The proposed controller has less rising time than conventional PI controller by more the 40% and better power tracking by 32.21%. The results of using adaptive fuzzy logic controller revealed fast time response, high rate of convergence, minimal steady state error, and less overshoot compared to those achieved with conventional PI. These indicators are used to show that AFLC is feasible when compared to other controllers with the same WPP.
This paper proposed a low-cost method to build the machine learning training dataset for assessing service transformer health by using fuzzy logic method. The training dataset is tested on a stimulated 50kVA server transformer. The monitoring data is collected from the real-time energy monitoring device which is installed near the transformer to measure ambient temperature, current, and voltage. The condition of transformer is evaluated by using Support Vector Machine algorithm. The data generation proposed in this paper has high feature continuity and good scalability that can be used as a training data for machine learning, deep learning models.
This paper is based on real application whose task was to recognize characters printed on metal ingots. The problem is that the surface of ingots is very uneven - ingots are either hot, or cut by rough instrument, the printing machine can be worn down, etc. Therefore, the first difficulty was to separate characters from the background and the second one was the fact that the separated characters are heavily distorted. It is a challenge to recognize the letters correctly. In this paper, we will present two approaches: recognition based on application of mathematical fuzzy logic and a special human behavior inspired approach.
The work reveals a new alternative mechanism (method) for translating into Harrington's desirability function parameters that are presented in the form of linguistic variables. This method is implemented using the Fuzzy Logic Toolbox toolkit of the Matlab software environment. This method is used in the developed author's methodology for assessing the effectiveness of investment projects of global and national significance. The methodology, based on the calculation of the integral evaluation criterion (Harrington's desirability function) and developed in the Matlab program, was presented by us earlier in an article published in the IEEE Xplore library. Under conditions of uncertainty, the relevance of accounting and presentation of non-economic parameters in fuzzy scales becomes apparent. The parameters presented in fuzzy scales in the form of linguistic variables allow us to take into account the ambiguity of the evaluation. This is also considered in the process of assessing the impact of the project on the external environment of the project (ecology, society, safety, cultural traditions, maintaining people's health, and sustainability of development in general). Fuzzy Logic Toolbox allows us to do this quickly and accurately. The formation of a single fundamental base of non-economic parameters (NEP) for assessing the effectiveness of investment projects of global and national significance level is becoming a challenge to the modern world. The relevance of this is emphasized by the emergence of a new coronavirus infection, which became an unforeseen circumstance, a negative impact on the global economy as a whole. Taking into account the possibility of the emergence and spread of the disease during the implementation of certain projects of a global level is necessary both at a qualitative level and at a quantitative level. A quantitative assessment of such parameters is possible more objective in fuzzy scales.
Emergency management will not achieve in its goals unless it prepares members in the emergency response team. Achievement of sufficient preparedness requires effective coordination among all team members. This study aimed to use the fuzzy approach and social network analysis for the evaluation of the coordination level as the most important stage in preparedness of emergency management. The evaluation of coordination with fuzzy approach was conducted by using the findings of density indicator of social network analysis and a standard questionnaire. The density indicator was used in order to evaluate the cohesion of coordination through trust and information interchange measures. Also, a standard questionnaire was applied to evaluate the involvement of members in issues related to emergency management. The findings showed that there was a low level of coordination among the whole team members and slightly related to be coordinated for confronting emergencies. Finally, this article argues that it is necessary to turn into a predictive approach in order to provide a suitable relationship for increasing coordination through creative planning and programming in order to have an ideal emergency management.
In this paper we introduce Non-commutative Fuzzy DL (NcFDL) which integrates the power of DL, Fuzzy and non-commutative triangular norms (pseudo t-norms). We also give an application of NcFDL. We observe that the domain of search is narrower and hence the decision time is significantly shorter.
The paper presents hybrid fuzzy logic - PID tuning controller for damping low frequency oscillations using Unified Power Flow Controller (UPFC) applied on a single-machine infinite-bus (SMIB) system. The intention of the Fuzzy Logic based UPFC controller is to damp power system oscillations. UPFC controller depend upon amplitude modulation index of shunt converter (exciter) mE. So this index has been considered. System response with Damped-UPFC controller without fuzzy logic and PID-fuzzy logic (using mamdani-type inference) based UPFC controller is compared at various conditions of power system. Relevant models have been developed and simulated in Matlab/Simulink R2013a. The hybrid PID-Fuzzy Logic based UPFC controller is designed by selecting appropriate controller parameters based on the facts of the power system performance. All studies show that the PID-fuzzy logic controller has an excellent capability in damping low frequency oscillations.
Recently, the development of automation technology relies on the application of artificial intelligence methods such as artificial neural networks, fuzzy logic, genetic algorithms, and so on. Application of such methods improves the system performance and to some extent increases the efficiency of the resources. This paper describes the application of fuzzy logic methods in controlling the speed of a hexapod mobile robot by utilizing Takagi-Sugeno-Kang type of its inference system. A fuzzy logic controller is used to drive a hexapod mobile robot in such a way to avoid an obstacle in the front of it. Such controller was designed to adjust the speed of gait based on two fuzzy inputs, i.e distance between robot and obstacle and its error. The distance variables and its errors comprise of three fuzzy sets with triangular membership function. While, the output of system is the speed variables of robot with three fuzzy sets by their triangle membership function. The experimental results show that the system work well according the objective of the system design. By comparing to the fuzzy logic controller run by simulation using fuzzy logic toolbox under Matlab environment and the experimental results, the speed of robot movement can be adjusted. Robot could move forward with the speed gradually decreases according to the distance between the robot and obstacle in the front of it.
Sometimes Artificial Intelligence (AI) has to deal with undecided problems. An undecided problem has no computer solution. The non-monotonic problem is undecided. Fuzzy logic will make undecided into decided. Fuzzy logic with twofold fuzzy set will give conclusion for non-monotonic reasoning. In this paper, Fuzzy non-monotonic reasoning is studied with twofold fold fuzzy membership functions belief and disbelief twofold to made undecided problem in to decidable. Fuzzy certainty factor (FCF) is defined to eliminate conflict between belief and disbelief. Fuzzy truth maintenance system (FTMS) is studied for computation of fuzzy non-monotonic reasoning to make monotonic. Some examples are given for fuzzy non-monotonic reasoning.
Though new energy vehicles (NEV) has achieved rapid development in China, the energy efficiency optimization and performance improvement of electric car is still worth discussing. At present, the role of the optimization of control strategy in the drivetrain is escalating. In this study, the driving control strategy of a battery electric bus is presented. Applying a fuzzy logic control (FLC) algorithm, the output torque of electric machine is controlled and vehicle driving dynamics and acceleration performance are improved. The simulation results show that the control strategy would compensate the torque of electric machine so as to reduce the accelerating time of battery electric bus. From 0 to 50km/h accelerating condition, the proposed control strategy enables to reduce the accelerating time by 3.5%. The method proposed in this paper could be used and more practical experiments should be done for improvement in the future.
Complex fuzzy logic is a new multivalued logic system that has emerged in the last decade. At this time, there are a limited number of known instances of complex fuzzy logic, and only a partial exploration of their properties. There has also been relatively little progress in developing interpretations of complex-valued membership grades. In this paper, we address both problems by examining the recently developed Pythagorean fuzzy sets (a generalization of intuitionistic fuzzy sets). We first characterize two lattices that have been suggested for Pythagorean fuzzy sets and then extend these results to the unit disc of the complex plane. We thereby identify two new complete, distributive lattices over the unit disc, and explore interpretations of them based on fuzzy antonyms and negations.
This paper presents a design and an experimental implementation of the three phase three wires shunt active power filter (SAPF) based on a hybrid fuzzy-neural controller for harmonics and reactive power correction. A direct line current control strategy is used to control the filter. Fuzzy logic controller has been modified and improved by artificial neural network system (ANN) to improve the DC voltage regulation loop of the capacitor and to get better performances. It hybridizes between the advantages of neural networks in noise rejection and the fast concept of fuzzy logic. First a fuzzy logic controller has been used to regulate the voltage of the capacitor and then an artificial neural network has been learned on the previous fuzzy controller and implemented in Vdc controller of the SAPF. Simulations have been performed to verify the robustness of the proposed HFNC controller. Finally, a real time manipulation is led via an experimental bench built on dSPACE 1103. The real time results prove that the proposed hybrid controller improved the performance of the filter under different disturbances and parameters variations.
With the rapid development of urban metro traffic, the prediction and evacuation of metro pedestrian flow is of great significance to metro traffic scheduling. In this paper, the fuzzy logic method is used to predict and simulate the pedestrian flow of the metro, which is feasible to predict the pedestrian flow of the metro station and provide a theoretical basis for the reasonable arrangement of the train scheduling. The simulation result shows that fuzzy logic can predict pedestrian flow and a method of adjusting the driving schedule is proposed based on the result of the prediction.
In this paper, fuzzy logic was implemented as a proposed approach for modelling of Thickness as an output response of thin film layer in Titanium Nitrite (TiN). The layer was deposited using Physical Vapor Deposition (PVD) process that uses a sputtering technique to coat insert cutting tools with TiN. Central cubic design (CCD) was used for designing the optimal points of the experiment. In order to develop the fuzzy rules, the experimental data that collected by PVD was used. Triangular membership functions (Trimf) were used to develop the fuzzy prediction model. Residual error (e) and prediction accuracy (A) were used for validating the result of the proposed fuzzy model. The result of the developed fuzzy model with triangular membership function revealed that the average residual error of 0.2 is low and acceptable. Furthermore, the model obtained high prediction accuracy with 90.04%. The result revealed that the rule-based model of fuzzy logic could be an efficient approach to predict coatings layer thickness in the TiN.
Indonesia is a country that is rich in types of plants. One of the plants that is often in demand in Indonesia is Chili Plants, but plantations in Indonesia still use a lot of irrigation systems or traditional watering, which is watering only based on seeing how dry or wet the soil is, so that a lot of occurrences occur. crop failure due to improper irrigation or watering. This problem can be solved by making a tool to monitor the humidity in the chili cultivator’s land, by using this tool the water discharge can be adjusted according to the soil moisture. So that not a lot of water is wasted on the chili cultivator’s land. This tool can also monitor the condition of the land for chili cultivators, if the plantation land is dry, the sensor will send a signal to the application that the land is dry and requires water flow, if the humidity on the plantation land is met, the sensor will send a signal to the application so that the water stops flowing, with these parameters in this study apply with fuzzy logic chili irrigation system. This tool can be used as a guide for chili cultivators, to monitorhumidity on the land of chili plant cultivators so that the irrigation system can be monitored accurately and can be done anywhere at any time, without having to make a drain. This results in a high-quality crop.
This article providesa systematic approach for the design of an interval type-3 (IT3) Takagi–Sugeno (T–S) fuzzy logic system (FLS) using α- plane representation. An IT3 FLS is designed with the baseline of the general type-2 (GT2) FLS in a similar manner as an IT2 FLS was designed from the baseline of type-1 FLS. Hence, IT3 FLS evolved as a successor of GT2 FLS, where secondary membership function is an interval type-2 fuzzy set (FS), and values of tertiary membership are unity over the footprint of uncertainty of secondary membership. This extra degree of freedom in IT3 FLS provides better modeling capability as compared to GT2 FLS in the presence of a high degree of uncertainty and vagueness. The proposed system will be more appealing while dealing with uncertain information or data, which is supposed to be generated from uncertain sources; i.e., there exist uncertainties even in the presence of uncertainty. The computations needed for the design of IT3 FLS are derived using IT2 FS and GT2 FS mathematics. The design algorithms adopted for the baseline IT2 T–S fuzzy system are as per the modified interval type-2 fuzzy c-regression model clustering algorithm and hyper-plane-shaped membership function. The proposed methodology is applied to several benchmark examples and obtained results are compared with recently developed fuzzy modeling methods having a comparable number of rule bases. The proposed IT3 T–S FLS shows good performance in terms of accuracy when data is corrupted by noise and uncertainties related to missing or unvarying data exist. The computational cost is linear with design parameters and by optimum choice of α-planes, it is still bearable considering advantages and nature of applications.
Rice cooker and slow cooker have almost the same physical form and use a heating element. Rice cookers work by increasing the temperature until the boiling point, while the slow cooker works by increasing the temperature until it reaches the temperature point and maintains it for a predetermined time. In this research, we designed a system that can control the temperature of the rice cooker to function as a slow cooker. The temperature of the rice cooker can be controlled using a fuzzy logic-based system so that it functions as a slow cooker, with a solid-state relay as a voltage controller on the heating element. Temperature stability in each variation of slow cooker mode selection using fuzzy control occurs at ± 93°C for 2-hour mode, ± 83°C for 4-hour mode, and ± 73°C for 6-hour mode.
A precise flow control of Chlorine in an industrial Chloroacetic acid production line is essentially important for the safety and quality of the production. Due to the time variability properties and non-linear characteristics of the system, an enhanced controller over the conventional PID controller is sought to be utilized for controlling a Chloroacetic acid reaction kettle. In this paper, the performance of an Interval Type-2 Fuzzy-PID (IT2F-PID) controller is assessed and compared with the Type-1 Fuzzy-PID (T1F-PID) and conventional PID controllers for flow control of Chlorine gas in a Chloroacetic acid production process. Specially, the Type-1 and Type-2 Fuzzy systems are employed for online parameter adjustments of the PID controller. The outcomes of MATLAB simulation obtained in this study illustrate that the efficiency of the Interval Type-2 Fuzzy-PID controller is considerably improved compared to the Type-1 Fuzzy-PID controller. In addition, the studied control system shows a faster response using the Type-2 Fuzzy-PID having the minimum Integral Squared Error (ISE) value and Integral Absolute Error (IAE) over the Type-1 Fuzzy-PID and the conventional PID controllers. The IAE is 18.57 for IT2F-PID, which is less than that for PID (24.53) and T1F-PID (19.14) controllers. Similarly, the ISE for IT2F-PID is 13.23 that indicates a better value in comparison with PID (16.7) and T1F-PID (13.34) controller.
This research aims to develop an innovative seaweed dryer with Sugeno Fuzzy Logic Control. In Indonesia, seaweed, especially Eucheuma cottonii, has high economic value, but traditional drying risks reducing its quality. This research focuses on developing an efficient and effective drying mechanism using the fuzzy logic concept. With Sugeno Fuzzy Logic Control, this system can overcome environmental uncertainties such as temperature and humidity, and adapt well. As a result, the quality and efficiency of seaweed drying are significantly improved, potentially providing benefits to the seaweed industry and expanding the understanding of fuzzy logic in industrial control.
Quantitative modelling of biological systems has become an indispensable computational approach in the design of novel and analysis of existing biological systems. However, kinetic data that describe the system's dynamics need to be known in order to obtain relevant results with the conventional modelling techniques. These data are often hard or even impossible to obtain. Here, we present a quantitative fuzzy logic modelling approach that is able to cope with unknown kinetic data and thus produce relevant results even though kinetic data are incomplete or only vaguely defined. Moreover, the approach can be used in the combination with the existing state-of-the-art quantitative modelling techniques only in certain parts of the system, i.e., where kinetic data are missing. The case study of the approach proposed here is performed on the model of three-gene repressilator.
Distributed computing can be applied on intelligent traffic management systems to eliminate the need for a central control station and reduce the computational complexity to optimize entire road networks. This however required traffic modules in the road network to perform traffic routing decisions independently based on localized sensor data. This paper proposes a distributed modular fuzzy logic-based control approach for a multi-stoplight road network with a smart traffic management system. This fuzzy control scheme was implemented on a traffic simulation that mimics vehicle density changes across the road network, which was implemented using MATLAB. The fuzzy logic control approach was able to reduce the average road density across the road network by a total of 103.5809 average vehicles as compared to a static system. The fuzzy logic controller was able to determine the best next state and duration of the current state to reduce vehicle density across the road network. Overall, the technique demonstrates a practical way to implement an ITMS, thus significantly reducing traffic jams.
In practice, transformer faults are often the compound of multiple fault types. In addition, the correspondence between the fault type and the fault symptom is also fuzzy, that is, the occurrence of one fault may cause multiple fault features. However, one fault feature can also be caused by multiple faults. Therefore, in the process of fault diagnosis, how to describe the complex fuzzy correspondence and deal with the uncertainty and incompleteness of the fault more reasonably. Fuzzy mathematics provides an idea. Due to the differences in the diagnostic characteristics and criteria of various methods, the conclusions are often inconsistent when using these methods to diagnose faults. when transformer faults occur, it is often a combination of multiple fault types, and the correspondence between fault types and fault symptoms is fuzzy. In order to describe the fuzzy correspondence in the complex fault diagnosis, the fuzzy mathematical theory is further introduced on the basis of the information fusion diagnosis method, and a comprehensive diagnosis method based on the information fusion and fuzzy logic is proposed. In this paper, the intersection and union of fuzzy logic are adopted to replace the AND and or logic of binary logic, and the intersection and union of fuzzy theory (i.e., maximum and minimum value) are adopted.
The article discusses an approach to identifying the uncertainty of initial information based on the theory of fuzzy logic. A system of criteria for initial information is proposed, calculated on the basis of the input sample, and characterizing the measure of uncertainty present in the system. The basic requirements for the choice of membership functions of the fuzzy inference system are indicated and the final integrated output membership function is obtained, which describes the type of uncertainty of the initial information.
Respondents cannot always explicitly state which numeric value or linguistic term is the most suitable to express their opinions. However, the answers are mainly stored in classical relational databases forcing answers to be crisp values. In this way the valuable information related to the vagueness of opinions is lost. In order to avoid this drawback, the data should be stored in a database capable to manage fuzzy data. Adjusting classical relational databases for storing fuzzy data is a promising option which is examined in this paper. Hence, in data analysis the stored fuzziness can be fully exploited. Generally, analyses can be performed to get the summarized information from the data or focused on analyzing particular tuples. Concerning the former, linguistic summaries are extended to cope with fuzzy data. Concerning the later, we are focused on revealing similar entities to the specified one (risqué, optimistic...). Anyway, many other analyses can be performed on stored fuzzy data.
In this paper an expert system using fuzzy logic has been proposed for evaluating performance of students of a regular degree course. This system explains the identification of three most important parameters attendance, internal assessment and external assessment for input of the result of a student and fuzzification of the parameters by fuzzy inference rules and then finding the final result as output and defuzzifying the output.
Steganography is an art and a science to hide the existence of secret communication from the third party. The communication is only known to sender and receiver. For hiding messages, various types of media are used. Image steganography is the technique that uses an image to conceal information. However, image steganography face very high uncertainty levels. In this paper, we will present work in progress to employ image steganography using the Least-Significant-Bit (LSB) method to embed the secret message in an image cover. We will use type-2 fuzzy logic systems and edge detection techniques to increase edge pixels, and embed more secret data into the edge pixels than the non-edge pixels based on the Least Significant Bit (LSB) substitution technique. The performance of the proposed method will be evaluated by comparing both the original image and stego image using metrics like Peak Signal to Noise Ratio (PSNR), Mean Squared Error (MSE) and Histograms.
Facial expression recognition plays an important and effective role in the interaction between man and computer. In this article, a new system based on the Fuzzy logic is proposed for this purpose. Fuzzy is one useful approach for fuzzy classification, which can determine the intrinsic division in a set of unlabeled data and find representatives for homogeneous groups. This system recognizes seven basic facial expressions namely fear, surprise, happy, sad, disgust, Neutral and anger. First, We present a novel method for facial region extraction from static image. For determination of face effective areas is used from integral projection curves. This method has high ability in intelligent selection of areas in facial expression recognition system. Extracted facial features fed to fuzzy rule based system for facial expression recognition. Results of tests conducted on JAFFE database indicate that the proposed scheme for facial expression recognition is robust, with good accuracy and generating superior results as compared to other approaches.
Software quality is the most important factor in the development of software, which can be depend on many quality attributes. One of the technique is Fuzzy Logic which can be used to establish the relationship between object oriented metrics and software maintainability. This paper presents the application of fuzzy logic in estimation of software maintainability. In this paper, a new model is proposed using fuzzy inference system for tuning the performance of software maintenance. We have used some object oriented metrics i.e. Adaptability (AD), Complexity (CLX), Understandability (USD), Document Quality (DocQ) and Readability (RD) for accessing software maintainability levels using Fuzzy Logic. We also assumed different membership functions such as Triangular Membership Function, Trapezoidal Membership Function and Gaussian Membership function defined in Fuzzy Inference System in MATLAB for these metrics in order to estimate software maintainability.
Traffic signals are the most effective and flexible active control of traffic and are widely used in several cities in the world. The present traffic control systems are not sufficient for the control of the growing population. in this proposed paper we describe the design and implementation of a conventional traffic light-controlled technique along with the concept of fuzzy logic technology. Conventional traffic controllers use time-sharing principle for controlling directions of vehicles. A traffic light controller primarily based on fuzzy logic may be used for optimum control of fluctuation traffic volumes consisting of over saturated or unusual load situations. We will not only control the working of the traffic lights based on the traffic density on the lanes, but also, we will consider emergency cases to manage its working. The emergency cases include: arrival of an ambulance or any delegate's or minister's vehicle.
Connection Admission Control (CAC) is one of the resource allocation functions which plays a significant role to ensure Quality of Service (QoS) provisioning in wireless networks. To meet connection requirements, and achieve bandwidth efficiency with less computation complexity, we present a CAC mechanism for OFDMA-based WiMAX networks which uses fuzzy sets and fuzzy logic theory to admit new incoming connections. The proposed algorithm estimates traffic load, available bandwidth and incoming connection required bandwidth to decide whether accept or reject a new incoming connection. The fuzzy logic-based CAC system is simulated using MATLAB to investigate its effectiveness in terms of incoming connections blocking probability. The simulation results show improvement in the blocking probability for both UGS and non-UGS services compared to Fuzzy Logic Based Admission Control Method in Wireless Networks (FLACWN).
The physicochemical properties of jojoba oil extracted from the seeds harvested in a test plantation located in the Mesaoria Plain of Cyprus Island were found to be within the acceptable levels according to the Jojoba Export Council (IJEC) specifications. The product oil has already been commercialized. In case of a possible jojoba agriculture and industry in the region the optimum oil extraction parameters for maximum oil yield were examined. In the present study a fuzzy logic (FL) model and a multilinear regression model (MLR) for the prediction of jojoba oil yield was developed for the cases where the optimum conditions could not be attained easily in practice. Seed size, seed humidity level, seed temperature and residual discharge opening of the expeller for oil extraction was considered as input parameters and oil yield as the output. The data collected from 27 experiments were used to construct the models. The proposed FL model achieved R2 and RMSE values of 0.9751 and 1.5225 whereas the MLR model resulted in 0.8256 and 6.3528, respectively.
The lifetime enhancement in a wireless sensor network (WSN) is an area of a lot of research. It is related to the management of energy consumption between nodes. In this context, there are many kinds of literature proposed to give a good distribution of traffic and optimizations models to enhance the network lifetime. In this paper, we used the fuzzy logic approach to obtain the maximum lifetime taking into account the residual energy parameter and studying the quality of service of the network by adding the probability of packets successful. At least we proved that our algorithm achieved lifetime with a residual energy less than 10% for all nodes.
In modern economy, enterprises often have to make decisions in a risk environment. Consequently, decision makers need to be cautious and at the same time be able to prevent any danger if any of such situations prevail. But people can make some mistakes based on their decisions, which can lead to bankruptcy. Therefore, there is a need to introduce a decision support system that will make the right decisions based on the input data. This article presents the development and realization of a decision support system based on fuzzy logic. Fuzzy logic imitates human decisions in accordance with the input data. The article suggests an approach for solving the problem of designing systems for analyzing the activities of enterprises on the basis of a fuzzy-multiple approach. The enterprise model is a semantic network. The goal of the work is the development of principles for building enterprise monitoring information systems. These systems are based on the support for decision-making based on fuzzy logic with the use of accumulated statistical information and data obtained on the basis of organizations' financial statements. The article describes the features of building knowledge bases. The general scheme for building expert systems of a mixed type in the field of enterprise analysis is set out in this article. The article describes the stages of building an expert system.
Fused deposition modelling (FDM) is simulated in this research work to anticipate the characteristics of 3D printed parts. Eight FDM variables are studied for Polyether-ether-ketone (PEEK) and Polyether-ketone-ketone (PEKK). A set of experiments based on Taguchi L18 is carried out. An interval type-2 fuzzy logic system (IT2 F LS) is then established to extract the relationships among the materials and the various FDM parameters and the characteristics of the 3D printed parts. Based on the results obtained by a set of experiments, the IT2 F LS can extract the relationships and predict the characteristics of the printed specimens with very good predictive performances. In addition, the IT2FLS outperformed the type-1 fuzzy logic system with an overall improvement of approximately 8%.
During this Covid-19 pandemic, to prevent the spread of the Corona virus, an optimal and effective body temperature checking system is needed. To support an optimal body temperature checking system in classifying a person's health condition, we propose a system that can detect fever symptoms in a person when in a public area using the Fuzzy Logic method. The Fuzzy Logic algorithms can classify the user's health condition, namely healthy, fever, or hyperthermia only with body temperature and environmental parameters that have been read by the sensor device. Raspberry Pi is used as a system microcontroller. As a monitoring function, all information data will be stored in the MySQL database automatically so that it can be monitored at any time through the website. The results show that the proposed system works properly. The Naïve Bayes method has higher computational time, the average time 8.5688 ms, than Fuzzy Logic, Fuzzy Naïve methods. However, for reliability in decision making, the three algorithms are very good with accuracy results above 95%.
The construction of fuzzy logic systems (FLSs) using data-driven techniques has become the most popular modeling approach. However, this approach still faces critical challenges, including the difficulty in obtaining concise models for high-dimensional data and generating accurate fuzzy rules to simulate human inference mechanism. To tackle these issues, a new FLS modeling framework called data-driven elastic FLS (DD-EFLS) is proposed in this paper. The DD-EFLS has two key characteristics. First, the fuzzy rules in the rule base can use different feature subspaces that are extracted from the original high-dimensional space to yield simple and accurate rules in feature spaces of lower dimensionality. Second, fuzzy inferences from various views are implemented by embedding different rules in the corresponding subspaces to imitate human inference mechanism. Based on the DD-EFLS framework, an elastic Takagi-Sugeno-Kang (TSK) FLS modeling method (ETSK-FLS) is proposed to train the elastic TSK FLS using the concise rules and a more human-like inference mechanism for modeling tasks based on high-dimensional datasets. The characteristics and advantages of the proposed framework and the ETSK-FLS method are validated experimentally using both synthetic and real-world datasets.
A hybrid of soft control technique of adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference system (ANFIS) and fuzzy logic (FL) and hard control technique of proportional-derivative (PD) for a five-fingered, smart prosthetic hand is presented. The ANFIS is used for inverse kinematics and FL is used for tuning the PD parameters with two input layers (error and error change) using 7 triangular membership functions and 49 fuzzy logic rules. Simulation results with FL-tuned PD controller exhibit superior performance compared to the PD and PID control alone.
Condition monitoring (CM) is a process which monitors the condition of equipment throughout its serviceable life in order to opt for Predictive Maintenance (PdM). This approach is based on the equipment's condition to determine at which point during future maintenance activities will be necessary. Implementing PdM will result in substantial cost savings and higher system reliability. This paper is focused on developing a computer based system applying Fuzzy Logic in order to identify and estimate the condition of an induction motor. Based on the vibration analysis characteristics of the motor, an unusual increase in the vibration could be an indicator of faulty condition. An inference system of the Fuzzy Logic was created and was able to classify the motor as 'acceptable' of the vibration ranges from 1.8mm/s to 4.5 mm/s or 'monitor closely' of the vibration ranges from 4.5 mm/s to 7.1 mm/s respectively. Early detection of unusual vibration increase of the motor is an important part of predictive maintenance (PdM).
This work shows the development of a foot plant deformation classification system using image processing and fuzzy logic in LabVIEW programming environment. The system works in three stages: image acquisition, image processing, and classification of the deformation. For image acquisition, webcams were placed under a transparent acrylic surface, to get the foot plant. The image processing starts binarizing by threshold the acquired photography, taking as threshold criteria the intensity in the foot plant. The classification begins with the measurement of the distance of the foot wide and the foot arch. Then, the relation of this measurements is calculated and introduced to a fuzzy SISO system, identifying five categories: flat foot, normal foot, supinated foot, high supinated foot and extreme supinated foot; eliminating the uncertainty of other classification systems based on intervals. This classification system allows the development of an expert diagnosis system.
Two-level minimization is an important step in multilevel synthesis of fuzzy logic functions. The paper discusses some methods of both exact and approximate minimization. A new heuristic algorithm, based on the fuzzy consensus method, is proposed. Example results of minimization are reported and compared with the results of the exact methods.
In this study, an adaptive network based type-2 fuzzy logic (ANT2FL) controller is designed for position control of an electro hydraulic servo system. MATLAB/SIMULINK toolbox is used for mathematical modelling of the system and controller design. As a first step, mathematical models of the servo valve, hydraulic cylinder, and hydraulic power unit which are main parts of the system are obtained. In this model, compression capability of the hydraulic fluid, friction and inertia are taken into consideration. The sensitivity, dependability and stability of the controller is taking in to account for a reference trajectory. ANT2FL control structure is preferred because of complexity of the dynamic system behaviours and variability of the electro hydraulic servo system characteristics with time and it is built by using the feedback of the position error and derivative of the position error. Finally, simulation results are evaluated for different type square and sinus reference input signals. Results demonstrate the remarkable performance of ANT2FL.
The demand of wireless application is increasing day by day but there is crunch in availability of spectrum band as spectrum bands are in limited amount. Cognitive Radio Network (CRN) is an advanced technique that utilize licensed spectrum bands that are available. Cognitive function cycle has mainly four functions such as, sensing of spectrum, spectrum decision, sharing of spectrum and spectrum mobility. Here the emphasis is on spectrum handover which is performed when licensed user returns to its channel or if channel condition become worst then SU will have to vacate the channel for the primary users having higher priority. In this survey paper, the utility of fuzzy logic in spectrum handover is discussed. Furthermore, the spectrum handover techniques using fuzzy logic in cognitive radio network have been discussed such as; spectrum handover based on fuzzy logic controller, spectrum handover based on power control, channel reservation based spectrum handover, spectrum handover based on underlay power sharing, hierarchical FLS based handover, handover decision based on SU priority, spectrum handover based on negotiation approach are described briefly. The decision making is the main challenge for CRN, so concept of fuzzy logic is introduced in spectrum handover for efficient decision making to reduce handover delay, optimizing power consumption, unwanted handover is reduced.
The study is a case study of PT Yamaha Indonesia. This company is one of the companies engaged in the production of pianos. One example of a piano cabinet that is exported is the Fall Board cabinet. The Fall Board cabinet is made of wood and has a function as a piano top cover. To produce the cabinet, there are eight processes that the Fall Board goes through. This study focused on how the company is able to control and strive to reduce the rate of process failure that occurs so corrective action is taken in the production process by determining improvement priorities. One effort to determine the types of failures that can arise during the production process is to use the fuzzy logic algorithm approach which is then integrated with the Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA) approach. Failures are identified by calculating the number of repaired cabinets, for example, the highest failure was the deck with 1,414 units out of 6,260 units. Dekok is a type of failure that results in the paint of the cabinet that has been sprayed peeling off and has a different color. By using the Failure Mode and Effect Analysis (FMEA) which was integrated with the fuzzy method (approach), the priority result of process improvement was the hot press process with the type of failure of uki. This type of failure has the highest Fuzzy Risk Priority Number (FRPN) of 821 and is in the very high category.
Utility companies need to plan the generation capacity and resources for establishing an efficient energy management with reduced wastage. Load forecasting would become essential to a power system’s scheduling operations. Despite comprehensive work on short-term forecasting of loads using multiple machine learning models, there is room for improvement in prediction accuracy. A novel method of shortterm load forecasting based on the combination of fuzzy logic with recurrent neural network (RNN) model has been proposed in this paper. The Fuzzy logic model maps the highly nonlinear relationship between weather parameters like changes in temperature and their effect on the regular demand for electric charges. The Fuzzy logic model maps the highly nonlinear relationship between weather parameters such as temperature changes and their effect on the daily demand for electric loads. The proposed approach combines the advantages of fuzzy logic and neural networks to predict the next day’s load. Dataset of demand for electricity charging for a period of two years from 2013 to 2014 was obtained from ISO New England with a one hour resolution. It is observed that in terms of precision, the Fuzzy-RNN hybrid model outperforms its counterpart RNN. It is observed that in terms of precision, the Fuzzy- hybrid model outperforms its counterpart RNN. The proposed model was contrasted with other state-of - the-art methods for short-term load forecasting including artificial neural network (ANN), fuzzyANN, support vector machine (SVM), and generic neural regression network (GRNN). Overall, the computed results conclude that the synergetic use of fuzzy logic with RNN model is successful in achieving higher accuracy by efficiently mapping the effect of weather parameters with a change in load demand. Fuzzy-RNN has performed best with the highest accuracy in load forecasting amongst the six models considered.
The researcher focuses on determining the harmful effect of gases in human. Using fuzzy logic is the core process of the study. It has an ability to turn the computer to think as a human because of the rules that is embedded in the whole system. Carbon Monoxide, Cyanide, Formaldehyde, Ammonia, and Hydrogen Sulfide was use as a sample of harmful gases. There are certain level of concentration and length of time a human can tolerate the harmful gas. Without any detection of it a person will suffer a bad effect of the gas. The system can tell if the gas in certain level and time is harmful or not. The result of the system is correct in correlation with the rules set in the system and the graph that proves the validity of the system.
In this paper we will highlighting of Fuzzy logic that used to detect emotion subjects from textual data. Fuzzy Logic was founded to handling non-value member and convert it to a value member. In this research we will review the history of fuzzy logic with the emotions detection and the techniques used. Emotions are basic part of human internal activity and execute a fateful role of making a decisions and cognitive relation processes such as (sadness, surprise, happiness, disgust, anger, and fear). Emotions can be expressed through deferent forms such as speech, facial expressions, gestures and text. Now the research is working in the field of emotion detection and sentiment analysis. The researchers are working to develop a system to classify emotions represented in text.
The similarity measure and entropy of fuzzy sets are two important fuzzy measures in fuzzy logic theory and it is significant to research their relationship. In this paper, we mainly discuss the relationship between the similarity measure and entropy of interval type-2 fuzzy sets (IT2 FSs) proposed by Zheng et al., and give two Theorems and a Corollary that can reflect the mutual conversion relationship between two indexes. These conclusions have extensive practicability in many fields.
One of the problems of current fuzzy recognition for power quality (PQ) disturbances is that the conclusion part of fuzzy rules is commonly fuzzy variable needing defuzzification, and the parameters of membership function are always determined by trial-and-error method. To solve this problem, this paper presents a new recognition method of power quality disturbances based on T-S fuzzy logic. On the basis of features extracted from disturbances by generalized S-transform (ST). The T-S fuzzy inference mechanism is proposed in this paper, of which equalized universe method is used to determine the membership function parameters and universe division. The Recognition results of simulation and experimental data show the effectiveness of the proposed method.
Increasing the global energy demand forces countries to search for an alternative to traditional energy. One of the best alternatives in a desert environment is solar energy. However, high temperatures and dust density significantly limit Middle Eastern deserts' solar energy utilization. The dynamic changes in the temperature and dust density made the traditional modeling approaches difficult. This research aims to predict the levels of output power harvested from PV panels in the desert environment using the Fuzzy logic approach. Three input parameters: light intensity, ambient temperature, and dust intensity, with one output parameter: Output power, all were used in the model. Other parameters, such as humidity, and panel slop angle, were assumed to be constant. Eighteen different rules were assumed based on the recent literature. The results confirm the negative effects of the ambient temperature (T), the negative effect of dust density, and the positive effect of light intensity while showing the higher priority effect of light intensity and mid priority of ambient temperature compared to the dust density effect.
The advances of nVIDIAs computing technology allow to deploy of general purpose high performance applications of Graphic Processing Units (GPU) by parallelizing algorithms. Based on the grid-based representation of T2FS, the paper deals with an approach to computational process of general type-2 fuzzy logic systems based on Grid T2FS for GPU platforms. Experiments are implemented in various applications to show that the representation are suitable to speed-up general type-2 fuzzy logic systems on GPU platform.
Blood cell classification is the initial process for detecting diseases; the diseases can be carried if it is detected at early stage. For solving such problems. Quantitative processing of digital images based on fuzzy technique is applied for classification of red blood cells. There are various features consist of shape, size and colour based features that based on statistical analysis (i.e. Mean, Standard Deviation, Variance, Roundness, Skewness, Kurtosis) have been extracted. The classification results indicated that these features highly signification and can be used for classification of red cells to the normal and up normal cells. The obtained result successfully identified 98% of red blood cells.
Development of Traffic signal control systems has become one of the most important topics in this era. Traffic light controllers need to be developed continuously to solve the traffic problems. This paper discussed the proposed accident detection system and demonstrated how the system works from the beginning of the first flag "decrease of cross ratio" and through the member functions with the status of the accident. The focus of this paper is to discuss the Accident Detection System of the proposed dynamic fuzzy control system, which depended on fuzzy logic and its components.
The Octave Fuzzy Logic Toolkit, a free, open-source toolkit for Octave that provides a large subset of the functionality of the MATLAB Fuzzy Logic Toolbox as well as many extensions, has recently been updated to support fuzzy clustering. This paper introduces the fuzzy clustering capabilities of the toolkit and illustrates their use through two examples. Future work will focus on implementing GUI tools and additional advanced fuzzy inference techniques. The Octave Fuzzy Logic Toolkit is shared on Octave-Forge and SourceForge under the GNU GPL.
This study is about the design of an automated fuzzy system for monitoring and controlling the shading and irrigation process. We incorporate an integrated web system which is designed and developed by Trono et al. (2014) with our designed fuzzy system. The integrated Web system provides information about different rain rates of different rain events. These rainfall data are considered as input to our fuzzy system and by using our developed knowledge base; it generates decisions to maintain the shading and irrigation process in the crop field for different rain events. Use of shading system in the crop field and application of fuzzy logic to control and maintain the shading system with irrigation process is a novel idea. To save the crops from harmful effect of unwanted rainfall, our designed system can be applied in the real life scenario to get outstanding result in the field of agriculture.
In this paper a theoretical and practical comparative study is proposed, between types 1 and 2 fuzzy systems for the monitoring of a gas turbine process. Firstly, the type 1 and type 2 fuzzy sets are presented followed by the description of the two fuzzy systems, to understand the differences between there inference systems, then a theoretical comparative study is presented, and finally the contribution of this work in the practical part by the application of the two fuzzy control approaches type-1 and type-2 in a fuel valve positioning of a gas turbine process, the obtained results shows the advantage of the used time in fuzzy control type-2, which is a very important factor in industrial applications.
A fuzzy logic-based image processing technique is presented in this paper to segment multi-colored apples on a tree robustly. The method is based on a fuzzy inference system and the fuzzy c-means algorithm. The proposed technique efficiently segments apples that contain multiple colors. This work not only segments apple but also provides an initial observation to monitor the growth of an apple based on its color. For some types of apples, the color is green at the initial stage, then turns yellow, and followed by red when apples are ready for packaging. The fuzzy logic based processing technique robustly distinguishes between green, yellow, and red apples. The proposed technique is evaluated qualitatively by visually comparing the detection of a number of apples in three datasets. It is shown through evaluation that fuzzy logic-based image processing technique can effectively segment the apples under different challenging conditions.
Chia extract has been increasingly used in the food industry since it is rich in bioactive compounds, such as fatty acids, omega-3 fatty, antioxidants, proteins, vitamins, minerals, and dietary fiber. This extract can be obtained by using conventional extraction techniques (e.g., pressure) on chia seeds. Unfortunately, such techniques are insufficient to access all chemical components present in the seeds matrix, producing a by-product named chia cake that is usually discarded. On the other hand, since chia cake contains significant nutraceutical properties, it is still viable and beneficial to perform extractions of chia extract from chia cake. A typical objective of an extraction is to gather a high mass yield of chia (cake) extract. Since the extraction process is complex and expensive (e.g., in terms of laboratory resources), there is an increasing interest in determining the mass yield based on variables of the extraction like temperature, extraction time, and solvent. In this paper, we study the viability of applying traditional fuzzy inference systems (e.g., based on Mamdani's method) and adaptive neurofuzzy inference systems (ANFIS) for this problem. We propose a fuzzy inference architecture that predicts the mass yield of chia cake extract based on temperature, extraction time, and solvent. Our architecture makes use of fuzzy sets and fuzzy rules in the context of fuzzy inference methods. To design them, we create and use a dataset that contains the mass yield of real extractions conducted in the laboratory under different configurations. Hence, it represents another contribution of this paper and serves as the needed foundation to build the proposed architecture. Further, we conduct a performance evaluation to choose the fuzzy inference system that better fits the architecture. Based on our analysis, ANFIS was the best inference method since it delivered the lesser errors and greater correlations between predicted and observed values. We conclude that fuzz... (Show More)
In this paper, a method for hybridizing artificial hormones controller with type_2 fuzzy controller is presented. Artificial hormones robot control system provides the ability to self-control, the fuzzy controller is appropriate for nonlinear systems with time delay and dynamic systems. This paper presents three feasible scenarios of hybridizing two controllers. Controller performance indicators such as settling time, overshoot, steady state error, Integrals known as feedback error performance indices (IAE, ISE, ITAE, ITSE), were studied and compared. The results of the Hybrid controller for each of the scenarios show that it has better performance than any of the fuzzy controller and artificial hormone controller alone. Energy Consumption in based controller and hybrid controller was compared. The results show that the energy consumption for the hybrid controller is 20% to 30% less than the base controller.
Active collaboration among green-energy and the load demand lead to serious issue related to power quality and stability. This requires newer strategies to be incorporated to keep the power stability among green energy resources and micro-grid/Utility Grid. This paper presents a novel technique for power management in Grid-connected photovoltaic system with an energy storage system under a set of constraints, including weather conditions, load-shedding hours, peak pricing hours, by using rule-base fuzzy smart controller to schedule power coming from multiple sources (Photovoltaic, Grid, Battery) under the above set of constraints. The technique fuzzify all the inputs and establishes fuzzify rule set from fuzzy outputs before deffuzification process. Simulations are run for 24 hour period and rule base power scheduler is developed. The Proposed fuzzy control strategy is able to sense the continuous fluctuations in photovoltaic power generation, Load Demands, Grid (load Shedding patterns), and Battery State of Charge in order to make correct and quick decisions. The Suggested Fuzzy Rule based scheduler can operate well with vague inputs, thus doesn't not require any exact numerical model and can handle nonlinearity by combining the human heuristics into computer assisted decisions. This technique also provides a framework for extension to handle multiple special cases for an optimized working of the system.
This paper proposes a fuzzy approach to classify single -- channel surface electromyography (SEMG) signals for multifunctional prosthesis control. In this approach three variables root mean square, standard deviation & variance were selected for the analysis. These three parameters gave best results for discriminating hand movements from time domain analysis using SEMG. As the frequency range of SEMG signal is specified to be from 0 Hz to 400 Hz, therefore the analysis was divided into three sections of frequencies as: low(250Hz) and band pass (70-250Hz). This is done to establish the frequency change in the three regions for specified selected output. The three parameters were used as input variables to fuzzy logic controller for discrimination of the hand movements i.e. whether the hand is closed or open. SEMG signal was taken from below elbow position using bipolar electrodes as this part was found to be more active during expansion and contraction of muscles. Out of the three parameters standard deviation gave best results for discriminating hand movements (opening and closing). Out of three filters, low pass filter gave the best results for discriminating opening and closing movements. Further, to develop precise control of the grip prosthetic, the work is extended to multilevel SEMG control. A grip-exerciser was used to calibrate the executed force and SEMG signal. The result was a fuzzy logic controller for the accurate grip force.
Fuzzy decision trees are widely employed to face classification problems since they combine the high interpretability given by the decision tree and the capability of management of the uncertainty inherent to fuzzy logic. However, the success of fuzzy systems in general depends, to a large degree, on the choice of the membership functions. For this reason, we propose to model the linguistic labels by means of Interval-Valued Fuzzy Sets to take into account the ignorance related to their definition. On the other hand, we define an evolutionary method to tune the shape of the Interval-Valued Fuzzy Sets looking for the best ignorance degree that each Interval-Valued Fuzzy Set represents. In this contribution, we will make use of the fuzzy ID3 algorithm as a base technique from which to apply our methodology. The experimental study shows how our methodology enhances the performance of the base fuzzy decision tree. Furthermore, we compare our approach with respect to four state-of-the-art fuzzy decision trees and C4.5 as a representative algorithm for crisp decision trees. The goodness of our proposal is tested on a large collection of data-sets and it is supported by an exhaustive statistical analysis.
Server room is a very important asset for a company because in there are servers that contain applications and company databases that are very valuable for the sustainability of a company, therefore the condition of the server room such as temperature, humidity, power and all IT equipment in this room should always be monitored in real time. One way that can be used to control and monitor the temperature and humidity of server room is to use an Internet of Thing (IoT) based system. This research proposed the design of server room temperature and humidity control system using fuzzy logic based on microcontroller Wemos D1 as an infrared transmitter remote control to control temperature and mode setting in Air Conditioner to control temperature and humidity of server room. Fuzzy logic based on microcontroller for control the temperature and humidity of server room was successfully designed and successfully implemented into microcontroller with simulation test results using matlab obtained the value that match with the results on the microcontroller with average AC Temperature Set output deviation 0.03500 and average AC Mode Set output deviation 0.01225. The system is also designed to be able to monitor data temperature, humidity and electricity voltage online using the website and can provide early warning message through social media twitter.
Saving energy is an imperative problem in the design and operation of robotic fish swarm because each fish has limited power source and cannot be conveniently replaced in aquatic environment. A novel method is proposed for energy conservation. This is to make use of cluster structure to group the fish into clusters. Therefore, it is essential to elect part of robotic fish swarm to turn into cluster heads in order to group clusters though selecting these cluster heads is not easy due to the characteristics of robotic fish swarm. An energy-saving cluster head method with fuzzy logic is proposed, aiming to intelligently appoint cluster heads in robotic fish swarm for saving energy and extending the network lifetime. Three input linguistic variables are employed, which include residual energy of fish, fish mobility and position. The fish which has higher residual energy, less mobility and appropriate position will get more opportunity to turn into the cluster heads. Simulation results displays that this method can prolong the robotic fish swarm lifetime, reduce energy consumption, and outperform LEACH-M.
DC/DC converter is an electronic gadget that converts DC power from one level to another level. There are three types of converters, they are boost converter, buck converter, and buck-boost converter. This project focuses on the dc/dc Buck converter by using PI control and fuzzy logic control with input 24V and output 12V. The dc/dc buck converter called as a step-down converter, PI control, and fuzzy logic control are applying for the control of switching device in buck converter then output voltage can be controlling 12V. PI control is generally used for deploying a feedback control. The output voltage can be obtained by tuning the P and I gains. Fuzzy logic control is the simple method, reasonable and easy in design. The Fuzzy controller can attain the fast-transient response, little overshoot, reducing voltage and current ripples, the term PI is defined as P for proportional and I for integral. The whole converter circuit is designed and implemented in MATLAB Simulink. The analysis is carried out by making a comparison of both the controllers' output voltage.
In this article, a novel design of a hierarchicalfuzzy system (HFS) based on a self-organized fuzzy partition and fuzzy autoencoder is proposed. The initial rule set of the system is empty, and all the fuzzy sets and fuzzy rules are generated by a self-organized fuzzy partition algorithm. By adopting an improved box plot data standardization method, the processed data can more accurately represent the distribution characteristics of the input data, which improve the accuracy and the rationality. A fuzzy autoencoder is used to train the HFS layer by layer, which can not only ensure the effectiveness of the fuzzy system's hidden layer variables but also provide interpretability. Compared with the traditional fuzzy logic system, the HFS reduces the total number of rules and the complexity. The proposed HFS is tested on three different regression datasets. The experimental results illustrate that the hierarchical self-organized fuzzy system still performs better in terms of regression accuracy indicators than the self-organized fuzzy system.
With the advances in the applications of Artificial Intelligence to Law, tasks such as the representation of legal knowledge for organization/structuring, indexing/searching, and decision-making gain more space due to cost reduction, reduction of liabilities, and faster lawsuit applications. However, legal knowledge, such as laws and legal principles (such as the principle of meaninglessness or trifle), is generally subject to various semantic and syntactic anomalies with the presence of vagueness in its wording. One of the ways to automate processes, on the other hand, is using models and applications in descriptive logic, which has been conveniently used in Semantic Web applications because it is a decidable logic and with a higher level of expressiveness than classical propositional logic. On the other hand, Fuzzy Logic has been used since the last century in situations where knowledge needs to be understood in degrees of pertinence, given the present inaccuracies. This work, therefore, aims to propose an application based on fuzzy descriptive logic for the automation of the principle of insignificance. Furthermore, we also present the benefits and difficulties encountered when modeling applications in the legal domain through this logic.
This paper proposes an energy control strategy based on adaptive fuzzy logic for onboard hybrid energy storage system (HESS) with lithium-ion batteries (LIB) and electric double-layer capacitors (EDLC). Firstly, adaptive fuzzy logic energy control method for the system is proposed. The fuzzy rules are modified and reorganized according to the system deviation and deviation change rate to improve the energy-saving and voltage-stabilizing effect. Secondly, “soft connection out” and dead zone control method are implemented in closed-loop control to improve system stability and reduces voltage oscillation. Finally, the proposed strategy is compared with the classical strategy through simulation, where it shows better performance in the increase of 0.62% in voltage stabilization rate and 0.59% in energy conservation rate.
In the paper is about the realization of autonomous and periodic electricity supply due to the hybrid solar and wind energy system. For this purpose the hybrid system settled in Baku city and Gusar region were firstly studied in the Republic. Initially average annual solar and wind energy potentials of Baku city and Gusar region have been measured. Seperately and together average monthly and annual energy production of hybrid solar and wind energy plant were determined.
In this paper we propose a novel relay selection method for cooperation communication networks using fuzzy logic. Many efforts have been made in the literature to select the superior relay based on relay's SNR/SER and / or relay's reputation (in cooperation stimulation methods). We jointly consider four criteria for the process of relay selection, relay's SNR/SER, relay's reputation, relaying strategy and relay location. We consider the condition in which network users employ different relaying strategies, i.e., some relay nodes employ decode-and-forward strategy, some nodes employ amplify-and-forward strategy, and the other ones employ compress-and-forward strategy. Also, we categorize the network users into LM clusters and take into account the relative distance of potential relay nodes from the source and destination nodes in the process of relay selection. This relative distance has significant impact on the average achievable rate in destination node. Finally, by using a fuzzy logic decision making method, we select the “best relay” based on these four criteria.
Meta tags of websites are a key factor for improving the search engine results. The problem with website tagging is that a lot of developers, especially regional website developers, tend to overlook this fact. This leads to a decrease in the number of hits of the webpage during search engine results. This paper proposes a model for recommending tags for a website in a regional language. Fuzzy logic is used to provide the results of tag recommendation on a variety of text data sets, with the help of different fuzzy logic operators. The novelty of this paper is that the tag set for a web page in a regional language (Hindi) is recommended. The text is first translated to English and the frequency of the words is represented using a fuzzy membership function, which forms the first feature. A second novel feature is the use of a list of common words for every particular category. A combination of these features is used to generate the output. The model gives an output between 0-1 for each tag denoting the relevance of the tag. This generates the list of top tags recommended for a website, from which the user can select tags according to the user's preference.
Fuzzy Inference System (FIS) is developed using subtractive clustering algorithm, and applied to classification between MRI images of patients having Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) or Alzheimer's Disease (AD) and Normal Controls (NC). Features used as FIS inputs are mean values and standard deviations in intensities from most descriptive brain regions. k-fold cross-validation was used to estimate FIS performance, resulting in accuracy, sensitivity, specificity and positive predictive value (ppv) characteristics of FIS classification between different groups. ppv was equal to 0.8778±0.0088 (AD vs. NC), 0.7289±0.0243 (NC vs. MCI), and 0.8531±0.0069 (MCI vs. AD).
Currently, most commercial production (power industry, metallurgy, oil refining, etc.) belong to the class of complex systems, that are controlled under initial data indeterminacy conditions. The weakly formalized processes modeling and optimization control system in a fuzzy environment approach is presented. The presented results are the basis for the industrial facilities management modern systems construction that based on knowledge. The proposed control system specificity is time synchronization with the satellite system GLONASS. Client-server approach to building infocommunicational systems is shown on industrial plant. Using intelligent sensors for time synchronization is proposed. Fuzzy logic approach allows to model contemporary infocommunication systems uniting traditional network modeling approach and modern intellectual devices with time synchronization system providing accurate control system that could combine fuzzy modeling with deterministic infocommunication system design approach.
Medical image fusion is used to integrate the essential features present in different medical images into a single image to improve the clinical accuracy to take better decisions. Multimodal medical image fusion combines the images obtained from different modalities like Positron Emission Tomography (PET), Computed Tomography (CT), Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and others. CT scan provides detailed information on bony structures whereas MRI scan provides details on soft tissues. Fusion of these images is useful for doctors to diagnose and plan treatment for patients. Various methods have been proposed during recent years for medical image fusion but these methods suffer from the issue of fusion performance due to different sensor modalities. In this paper, we validate that for such images, fusion performance can be improved using a learning based fusion scheme which uses training and testing phase by considering pixel wise processing of image. In order to improve image fusion performance, here we implement fuzzy logic type-2 based approaches for medical image fusion for CT and MRI images. Final fused image is achieved by applying rule based method which includes fuzzification inference, type reduction, and defuzzification of the input image. Experiments are conducted by applying fuzzy logic type-1, neural network, Neuro-fuzzy approach and fuzzy logic type-2 based fusion scheme. Performance of image fusion based on Fuzzy Logic Type-2 is compared with other state-of-art techniques using various performance metrics such as Mutual information, standard deviation and edge based similarity. Experimental results shows that fuzzy logic Type-2 performs better when compared to neural network based approach.
Melody harmonization has been a matter of interest for musicians over the past centuries. Numerous efforts have been made in harmonically arranging music both manually and automatically. As harmonization is evolved from chord progressions, sincere efforts have been made to emulate Bach’s compositional methods to create impressive chord patterns using algorithmic approaches. Different artificial intelligence techniques involving supervised learning have also been subsequently applied. In this paper, we propose a fuzzy logic approach for automatically harmonizing melodies in C major scale. The model is built on the basis of data gathered from musical corpora over the ages. The melody is harmonized utilizing a fuzzy reasoning-based automated harmonization technique. Through the fuzzy reasoning applied, typical chord progressions resembling legendary manual compositions are obtained. We have used basic chords avoiding complex textures so that the tonality of the music is retained. The performance of the system is evaluated comprehensively. The system shows competency on comparative analysis with manual harmonization done by musicians on the same melody.
This paper presents a characterization of watermelon leaf diseases through the RGB color. The aim of this study is to perform identification of selected critical watermelon leaf diseases in Malaysia namely the Downy Mildew and Anthracnose diseases. Several samples of infected leaves images were put under digital RGB color extraction where the images were captured under standardized and controlled environment. This study involves 200 samples of infected leaves of which the classification of the diseases was carried out using Fuzzy Logic technique. Fuzzy Logic was used to handle the uncertainty and vagueness as it provides a means of translating qualitative and imprecise information into quantitative (linguistic) terms. The results have shown that the percentage of accuracy for both types of disease were more than 67%.
This paper proposes a fuzzy logic-based scheme to detect the direction of the overcurrent faults (phase-phase) in the transmission lines through polarized voltage. The fault detection is crucial to avoid the overlap action for the protection relays in fault conditions which are led to the mal-operation in the transmission grid with unwanted tripping for healthy lines. When the fault occurs, the magnitude of the voltage and the current direction is changed (dip in voltage and rise in current) according to the type of fault in the grid. Three-phase voltage and current are measured to generate the inputs for the proposed fuzzy logic-based scheme. The typical IEEE 9-Bus Bars transmission grid has been used to implement the test for the fuzzy scheme using Simulink and Simpower systems toolbox in MATLAB software. The proposed scheme is applied to six-phase to phase faults cases in forward and reverse direction. Results show the effectiveness of the directional fault detection scheme using the fuzzy logic system.
In this paper, a new structure of PID type fuzzy logic controller is proposed in which Fuzzy PI controller and conventional PD controller are connected in parallel. The gains of the proposed controller are calculated by Gradient descent optimization method. Illustrative examples are considered to validate the performance of the proposed structure. The proposed controller outperforms the Conventional PID Controller and existing fuzzy PID Controllers in terms of performance indices for a different plant.
This paper describes a study of tuning process for fuzzy logic controller (FLC) design. In fuzzy logic controller design, there is no systematic procedure to tune fuzzy logic controller to follow a desired set point. The tuning process of Fuzzy Logic Controllers (FLCs) using trial-and-error approach is commonly done until satisfactory results are obtained. This is usually a tedious and time-consuming task but it has been widely employed and has been used in many successful industrial applications. The performance of the system can be analyzed. If the results are not as desired, changes are made either to the number of the fuzzy partitions or the mapping of the membership function and then the system can be tested again. This paper demonstrates a faster tuning process by adjusting the mapping of the membership function to get desired output. Through identifying and analyzing what will be done on adjusting mapping of membership functions by utilizing knowledge from the experts, it will be demonstrated in this paper that the tuning process of FLCs can be easily simplified.
This paper proposes a new modeling method for switched reluctance motor (SRM) based on fuzzy logic system with limited flux linkage samples. Firstly, the flux linkage characteristics at four torque balanced positions are obtained by using an indirect method excluding the rotor clamping devices. Secondly, based on the four flux-linkage curves, the fuzzy logic system is adopted to construct the entire flux linkage characteristics. According to the relationship of flux linkage with the rotor position, the space of the rotor position are divided into three regions. Then, the max products of degrees are calculated to generate the optimal fuzzy rules, and the rules are employed in the defuzzification. The main advantage is that the fuzzy rules are automatically extracted from limited samples without experience of experts. Finally, in order to verify the accuracy and feasibility of the proposed method, the flux linkage characteristics obtained by the proposed method are compared with those measured by rotor clamping method. The comparative results show that the proposed method has a good accuracy for SRM modeling.
The main goal of the work presented in the paper is to introduce the use of fuzzy logic in the Grey Wolf Optimizer (GWO) algorithm specifically for dynamic simultaneous adaptation of the key parameters, which are crucial in the performance of the metaheuristic. The proposed approach for this modification of GWO using fuzzy logic is presented. In addition, a brief comparison between the traditional GWO algorithm and the Grey Wolf Optimizer using fuzzy logic for dynamic adaptation of parameters is reported. This research shows the individual dynamic adjustment of two parameters and then a proposal of how to simultaneously adjust both parameters and finally we present the performance of these methods when they are tested with a set of benchmark functions, showing the advantage of using the strategy of simultaneous adaptation of parameters.
In this paper, an adaptive PID-Fuzzy Logic controller is proposed in order to control the angular displacement of an automobile Pierburg mechatronic actuator and achieve a wireless network control. This new PID-fuzzy logic controller topology takes advantage of the classical PID controller and the fuzzy logic technique which can improve the angular displacement precision and reduce the time delay caused by the wireless communication in the control loop. Different from other fuzzy PID controllers, our PID controller is located before the fuzzy controller and acts as its inputs. A mathematical analysis and the advantages of the designed controller are discussed. The proposed PID-Fuzzy Logic controller achieves the control task reducing the steady-state error and the time delay. Experimentation results of the wireless control are presented exhibiting good performances.
In this paper, we build the prototype system using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) for flood detector for flooding area. In a flooding area, power consumption and reliability of network become an important thing. Therefore, the performance of devices and algorithm of this system must work properly. The system is created using Fuzzy Logic to calculate the output, in order to make the system work properly. With Zigbee technology, WSN can be useful for monitoring a small area with many nodes. WSN can be combined with another application, e.g. cloud, android, virtual private network, etc. The objective of this paper is to design flood detector system with WSN on two scenarios that are single hop and multi hop, then find two of these which the best. Single hop means no router node between coordinator node and end node and multi hop means there is router node between coordinator node and end node. After some test, this system has a maximum range in single hop at a distance of 95.1 meters and 185.5 meters when using multi hop's scenario. Error for fuzzy logic compare between manual calculation and prototype system is 3.04417493% and error overall system for its result is 5%. In the examination of the quality of the network, values of throughput obtained fairly stable but the result of delay values is unstable, the further the distance the higher the values of delay, on the contrary values of throughput getting lower. The power consumption is only 0.083 Watt/hour when the system in single hop and 0.06525 Watt/hour when the system in multi hop.
Genus Mentha commonly known as mint plants belonging to the Lamiaceae family are the most sought plants due to their health benefits. This paper describes a study that uses an electronic nose system and a fuzzy logic algorithm to identify various types of genus Mentha. The gases emitted by the mint plants will be measured using MQ sensors. The measured data will be utilized by applying a fuzzy logic approach to figure out the identity of different mint plant species. The prototype system performance evaluation is done by the researchers using three types of Genus Mentha plants namely, Applemint, Lemonmint, and Peppermint. A total of 37/45 plant samples were used. Based on the test, the system has acquired 80.00% for identifying Applemint, 86.66% for Lemonmint, and lastly an 80.00% accuracy in identifying Peppermint. The overall performance accuracy of 82.22% for identifying the three plant types.
In this paper, an adaptive interval type-2 fuzzy logic control scheme is proposed for high-performance permanent magnet synchronous machine drives. This strategy combines the power of type-2 fuzzy logic systems with the adaptive control theory to achieve accurate tracking and robustness to higher uncertainties. Unlike other controllers, the proposed strategy does not require electrical transducers and hence, no explicit currents loop regulation is needed, which yields a simplified control scheme. But, this limits the machine's operation range since it results in a higher energy consumption. Therefore, a modified reference frame is also proposed in this paper to decrease the machine's consumption. To better assess the performance of the new reference frame, comparison against its original counterpart is carried-out under the same conditions. Moreover, the stability of the closed-loop control scheme is guaranteed by a Lyapunov theorem. Simulation and experimental results for numerous situations highlight the effectiveness of the proposed controller in standstill, transient, and steady-state conditions.
Pedestrian steering activity is a perception-based decision making process that involves interaction with the surrounding environment and insight into environmental stimuli. There are many stimuli within the environment that influence pedestrian wayfinding behaviour during walking activities. However, compelling factors such as individual physical and psychological characteristics and trip intention cause the behaviour become a very fuzzy concept. In this paper pedestrian steering behaviour is modelled using a fuzzy logic approach. The objective of this research is to simulate pedestrian walking paths in indoor public environments during normal and non-panic situations. The proposed algorithm introduces a fuzzy logic framework to predict the impact of perceived attractive and repulsive stimuli, within the pedestrian's field of view, on movement direction. Environmental stimuli are quantified using the social force method. The algorithm is implemented in a simulated area of an office corridor consist of a printer and exit door. Stochastic simulation using the proposed fuzzy algorithm generated realistic walking trajectories, contour map of dynamic change of environmental effects in each step of movement and high flow areas in the corridor.
In this document an evaluation of the energy efficiency in Active Power Filters APF, to reduce the Total Harmonic Distortion of current (THDi), in microgrids, through fuzzy logic control methods is done. It will be shown the design of the fuzzy logic controller based on the characteristics of the microgrid signals; it will be focused on three-phase systems using hysteresis commutation techniques to inject the corrective signals. The design of each controller will considerate different kinds fuzzy logic inference systems, and fuzzy logic controllers structure to achieve the optimal design for each case, the data obtained by simulation is referent to the energetic and operational performance of the APF with each controller, these data will be analyzed and compared with standards and technical documents. Finally the optimal fuzzy logic controller obtained will be presented, focusing on both energetic and operational performance, and final suggestions will be presented.
This paper presents long term electric load forecasts for the Nigerian Transmission grid using the concepts of Fuzzy Logic (FL) and Artificial Neural Network (ANN), and forecasting accuracy by comparing the outcomes of these two approaches. The two techniques were developed and trained using econometric data such as gross domestic product and population. Data of monthly electricity supply of the 28-Bus 330kV grid from 2000 to 2014 were obtained and applied to create ANN and FL forecasting algorithm. The forecasting accuracy of these models were evaluated using absolute and mean absolute percentage errors. It was concluded that in long term load forecast, ANN and Fuzzy logic are powerful tools for load forecasting with minimum error rate. The obtained forecasts for Nigeria's 330kV grid in 15 years, using these techniques, were 7853MW for FL and 8189MW for ANN respectively. These values are applicable for transmission expansion planning on a long term.
This paper proposes a method for constructing Hedge Algebraic Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems (HaT2-FLS) from input-output data. This method consists of two main phases. In the first phase, the Type-1 Fuzzy Logic System (T1-FLS) is designed under the combination of Fuzzy C-Means algorithm and training data. Then we construct HaT2-FLS on the basis of the above T1-FLS in the second phase. The rule base in T1-FLS is the foundation on which the rule base in HaT2-FLS is created. The difference now is that the antecedent and consequent sets are Hedge Algebraic Type-2 Fuzzy Sets (HaT2FSs). Experiments show the effectiveness of the method.
This article introduces new photovoltaic module modeling technology using (MPPT) built on Fuzzy logic design in the Simulink domain. The focus of the model is to reduce the switching power loss and harmonic distortion. A boost converter, PV array, MPPT module, Voltage measurement. Current measurement, Fuzzy logic controller, PWM generator, and purely resistive load is used. This model having DC-DC(Boost) converter increases the voltage. The execution of the presented model has been restored in Simulink at different temperature and solar irradiation. The model is applied for the Photovoltaic module KYOCERA KC200GT. In the end, the experimental data have been compared with the given specific predictions to make sure the effectiveness of the system. The final results gives the data that shows the developed power reaches the expected value.
Flow control is essential in many industrial applications such as chemical reactors, heat exchangers and distillation columns. Most industrial processes exhibit nonlinearities and inherit dead time, which limit the performance of conventional PID controllers. This Project is about the design and implementation of Fuzzy Logic Controller (FLC) for flow control applications. The objective is to overcome problems inherited with conventional PID control scheme such as handling unpredictable disturbance, non-measurable noise as well as further improve the transient state and steady state response performance. The proposed control scheme is implemented in Flow Control and Calibration Pilot Plant. The design is done using Matlab/Simulink software package and is connected to the Pilot Plant through USB-type DAQ cards. Simulation and implementation results showed that the developed controller has less overshoot, good control performance, better disturbance handling ability, great robustness and is more flexible and intuitive to tune. It is expected that this advanced controller improves efficiency and productivity of industrial processes through proper handling of any disturbance or noise and increase the robustness of controller actions.
Advancement in technology and rapid industrialization towards extensive use of power electronic controlled devices and enormous growth towards agriculture sector in rural areas of electrical distribution system resulted in substantial increase of power quality issues as well as reactive power requirement. Voltage drop in the system due to huge active and reactive power requirements of the loads can be minimized by distributed generation. Towards this end renewable energy source Viz., Solar Photovoltaic power generation and mitigating the power quality issues at load end can be resolved by using shunt connected custom power device DSTATCOM. In this paper the performance of PV interfaced Power Balance Theory (PBT) based DSTATCOM (Distribution Static Compensator) using Adaptive Fuzzy logic PI controller and conventional PI controller for real and reactive power control is investigated using Simpowersystem block set of MATLAB. The simulation results proves that adaptive fuzzy logic PI controller provides better system response, control of real and reactive power and improvement in THD of source current over PI controller.
Pollution from livestock waste causes poor air quality. This can be a problem for animals and humans around the livestock. This study has designed and realized a control system of livestock waste odor using fuzzy logic method implemented on the Arduino Due microcontroller. This system employs metal oxide semiconductor gas sensors to measure waste odor levels and an electronic valve with a nozzle used for spraying the yucca schidigera liquid as a deodorizing agent. The experimental results show that the fuzzy logic controller can reduce the odor pollutant levels within 4.5 minutes. In the uncontrolled livestock waste odor, the ammonia and hydrogen sulfide levels are 9.93 ppm and 1.16 ppm, respectively. Meanwhile, in the controlled livestock waste odor, the ammonia and hydrogen sulfide levels are 1.18 ppm and 1.13 ppm, respectively.
Following the concepts of Mpdf and J̃-plane, in this paper, the authors propose a new Type-2 Fuzzy Probabilistic System - Type-2 Fuzzy SARIMA System for real-valued uncertain non-stationary data-intensive seasonal time series forecasting. The system is implemented in Wireless Soft-Switch (WSS) communication network CAPS forecasting and is compared with the statistical model SARIMA to show that Type-2 Fuzzy SARIMA System can forecast real-valued uncertain non-stationary data-intensive seasonal time series more accurately, timely, along with the infinite maximum supported seasonality and less errors. As the series of algorithms and results prove, Type-2 Fuzzy Probabilistic System is viable in practice, which realises Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems evolving from rule-based fuzzy systems to the systems based on Type-2 Fuzzy Probabilistic Model.
Now-a-days, the microgrids become more popular and the alternative for the conventional grid. Since microgrid consists number of renewable sources, its frequency regulation is a challengeable task for the operation personnel. In this article, adaptive fuzzy logic controller is designed by tuning input and output scaling factors through another fuzzy logic unit. The developed controller is used as the secondary controller to improve the dynamic stability of the microgrid. The results obtained by using the designed controller is compared with that of normal Fuzzy-logic based PI controller and the robust PID controller. The gain parameters of the above controllers are selected through Wild-Goat Algorithm (WGA).
Fuzzy logic controllers suffer from rule explosion problem as the number of rules increases exponentially with the number of input variables. Although several methods have been proposed for eliminating the combinatorial rule explosion problem, none of them is fully satisfactory. In this paper, we describe a new adaptive method for the design of cascaded layer based hierarchical fuzzy system with high input dimensions. This new adaptive hierarchical architecture could be applied to dimensionality reduction in fuzzy modeling. An evolutionary algorithm based off-line leaning algorithm is employed to generate the fuzzy rules and their corresponding membership functions. The evolutionary learning paradigm is a powerful tool to tune the fuzzy logic controllers since it requires no prior knowledge about the system's behavior in order to formulate a set of functional control rules through adaptive learning. The resulting hierarchical fuzzy system has not only an equivalent approximation capability, but less number of fuzzy rules compared with the conventional fuzzy logic system. Simulation studies exhibit competing results with high accuracy that illustrating the effectiveness of the approach.
The paper represents the model of AC drive control system. An analysis of conventional drive control system has been performed, its advantages and disadvantages, and preconditions for use of intelligent approaches for implementation of control systems for this kind of objects have been estimated. The intelligent system is supposed to be modeled with use of fuzzy logic controller and different inference algorithms for implementation of control laws in various control loops. Dynamic characteristics of the system both for conventional case and with use of controllers based on fuzzy set theory have been analyzed. The practicability of using the multi-cascade fuzzy systems while implementation of unified intelligent control module and different combinations of fuzzy inference algorithms has been demonstrated for complex drive systems. Application of this technology allows implementation of control system for the entire class of drive systems considering all special aspects and relationships between the coordinates in the complex control object. Additionally, modeling of spacial membership function using multi-cascade fuzzy controller will give a possibility to avoid a variety of quantitative and qualitative restrictions due to complex relations between the coordinate in such systems.
This paper examines the fuzzy logic approach associated with the design and optimization of photovoltaic (PV) solar energy. The main goal of the project is to compare the directed research of the author entitled: “Design and Optimization of a Photovoltaic Solar Energy in a Small Domesticated Establishment” to the one with Fuzzy Logic Controller project. Preliminary as it may be, this study stands to be a source of valuable promotion on renewable energy-solar resources.
The paper presents a fuzzy logic speed control system based on fuzzy logic approach for an indirect vector controlled induction motor drive for high performance. The analysis, design and simulation of the fuzzy logic controller for indirect vector control induction motor are carried out based on fuzzy set theory. The proposed fuzzy controller is compared with PI controller with no load and various load condition. The result demonstrates the robustness and effectiveness of the proposed fuzzy controller for high performance of induction motor drive system.
In this paper, the influence of the selective fuzzification of the input space in Intuitionistic Semi-Fuzzy Neural Network (ISFNN) is investigated. The ISFNN represents a structure modification of the classical fuzzy-neural approach where selective fuzzification as a means to reduce the number of the generated fuzzy rules is proposed, thus expected to reduce the number of the associated learning parameters and to achieve a degree of computational simplicity. On the other hand, the potentials of the network are supplemented by intuitionistic fuzzy logic, in order to handle uncertain data variations. As a learning procedure for the proposed structure, a two-step gradient descent algorithm is employed. To investigate the influence of input space fuzzificaton, several test experiments in modeling of a two benchmark chaotic systems - Mackey-Glass and Rossler chaotic time series are made.
Fuzzy description logics (FDLs) are useful for dealing with fuzzy terminological knowledge for domains with linked data. Logical similarity or indiscernibility between individuals with respect to a given FDL is a fuzzy measure, which becomes crisp when the logic is extended with the Baaz projection operator. The measure is closely related to bisimulation. While logical indiscernibility is defined semantically, its corresponding notion based on bisimulation enables the computation. In this article, we study crisp bisimulations between fuzzy interpretations in FDLs with the Baaz projection operator under a general semantics based on an abstract algebra of fuzzy truth values. We define such bisimulations for a large class of FDLs with a rich set of well-known concept and role constructors, including qualified/unqualified number restrictions, nominals and the role constructors that correspond to the program constructors of propositional dynamic logic. We formulate and prove their logical characterizations, including the invariance of concepts under crisp bisimulations and the Hennessy–Milner property of crisp bisimulations. Such logical characterizations do not depend on a concrete semantics, such as the Gödel, Łukasiewicz, and product semantics. Based on crisp bisimulations, we also study indiscernibility of individuals in FDLs with the Baaz projection operator. An interesting consequence of our results states that, when restricting to the considered FDLs and image-finite fuzzy interpretations that are witnessed and modally saturated, indiscernibility of individuals is independent from the underlying algebra of fuzzy truth values in the case without number restrictions, and it is the same for both the Gödel and product semantics in the case with number restrictions.
This paper proposes an intelligent controller design for an assisted electric wheelchair using interval type-2 fuzzy logic controller. The controller design has been structured using cascaded fuzzy inference system with feedback loop to avoid obstacles. In addition, to control the dynamics of the wheelchair, a speed fuzzy inference system has been added to the proposed controller. The controller is designed so that the user input is firstly obtained from the wheelchair joystick. The surrounding obstacles, thereafter, are detected using the input of three sensors attached to the wheelchair. At each time step, and until reaching the target point, the performed controller output generates both the motion angle and the wheelchair speed commands. The performance of the controller is tested by simulating the wheelchair travelling in different navigation scenarios. The simulation results confirm the effectiveness of the presented controller.
Power transformer is an essential part in any power plant, so continuous check of its reliability should be kept up. Dissolved Gas Analysis (DGA) is one of the most important techniques for detecting incipient faults of transformer that immersed in insulation oil. Some widely used conventional techniques based on DGA such as Roger's and IEC methods were developed to diagnose faults of power transformers. These methods succeeded noticeably to detect transformer's faults. However, they fail to detect the fault type if the measured ratios of gases slightly deviated from the crisp boundaries of ranges assigned by these methods. An Artificial Intelligent technique based method called fuzzy logic approach, which is the field of study in this paper is used to overcome the above mentioned drawback by fuzzifying the boundaries of ranges defined by these techniques. This paper presents a comparison between the results of conventional Roger's, IEC methods and the proposed fuzzy logic.
For complex, ill-defined problems, where the uncertainty lies, fuzzy logic is the best suitable methodology to work with. We can achieve a certain level of accuracy and precision by accepting uncertainty. An Intuitionistic fuzzy logic represents imperfect knowledge that lies while dealing with real-life problems. For example, in decision making human opinion has two or more answers such as “may not be”, “might be” etc. In such a case human opinion is not firm or has some hesitancy in decision making. An intuitionistic fuzzy logic system can deal with this hesitancy and uncertainty that appears in the real world problems. This paper reviews on intuitionistic fuzzy set, its operations, intuitionistic fuzzy logic system and different applications with a case study in healthcare diagnosis.
In this work, the overall system design of the automatic car-parking application has been presented where its non-linear control estimation is based on the fuzzy logic control (FLC) model. Finite state machine (FSM) based central controller has been used to operate such FLC model. It performs a series of operations required for the real-time car-parking process. Subsequently, the defuzzifier architecture has been further optimized using resource sharing technique which reduces the overall chip area and power consumption of the proposed car parking system. Additionally, we have discussed the results from field-programmable gate-array (FPGA) synthesis and application-specific integrated-circuit (ASIC) implementations of the suggested architecture and compared with the conventional architecture. Functional verification of the design using simulation tool for a similar set of inputs has been performed in this work. Thus, the suggested architecture occupies an area of 46335 μm 2 and consumes a total power of 0.06254 mW at 60 MHz, when synthesized and post-layout simulated in 180 nm complementary metal-oxide semiconductor (CMOS) technology node.
Mobile robot is a type of robot that can move freely because it is equipped with motion elements such as wheels or legs. In guiding its motion, a mobile robot is equipped with a navigation system so that it can avoid obstacles. This paper describes the design and implementation of a wheeled mobile robot using fuzzy logic principles with Mamdani's fuzzy inference system so that the robot has the obstacles avoidance capability. Mobile robot is equipped with three pairs of HC-SR04 ultrasonic sensors to detect the distance between the robot and the obstacles. Fuzzy logic controller is installed in the Arduino microcontroller to generate an actuating signal for the DC motor mounted on each robot wheel. The whole fuzzy system is designed using three distance inputs obtained from ultrasonic sensors with each variable having three fuzzy sets with triangular and trapezoidal membership functions. Meanwhile, the output variable is the speed of movement of each wheels with each output variable has three fuzzy sets with triangular and trapezoidal membership functions. Based on the appropriate rule bases, fuzzy logic controllers are designed to achieve robot motion with the obstacle avoidance capability. The experimental results show the wheeled mobile robot can move along the trajectory without hitting the walls so that it has an obstacle avoidance capability. Compared to simulation results from Matlab, the accuracy of the speed value that rendered by the fuzzy inference system installed in Arduino microcontroller for some experimental data is approximately 96 %.
The cloud type classification and analysis from satellite image have been topic of research interests in many atmospheric and environmental studies but still is a challenging task. In this paper, we propose a new method for cloud type classification using fuzzy logic. We include near-infrared images as an input source in addition to visible and infrared in our previous study. Using that information source, we can successfully improve the noise removal process and the firsthand classification with respect to the height of cloud existence by considering reflection and release characteristics. Two fuzzy membership functions are designed to make final classification decision. In experiment, the proposed method is verified to be efficient and more accurate than the previous attempt that mainly used infrared image features.
An Omni directional mobile platform control using the intelligence technique of Fuzzy Logic is showed in the article, the control allows a practical and reliable driving control of 4 Omni directional wheels, implemented in FPGA allowing to have an independent and autonomous single chip system out of a central computer dependence in order to be used with different applications like service robots platforms. An additional feature is performed by using Bluetooth communication with a cellular phone based on a smartphone OS Android as the handset control device. Driving movement for the mobile platform is limited for 8 directions, a Fuzzy Logic module controls the travelling of the platform with independent movement for each wheel, physical feedback is implemented by using electronic decoders.
Intelligent controls in electric power distribution system can be used to improve electric power distribution by balancing loads in a three-phase system at any time. One of such intelligent controls is fuzzy logic. In this paper we propose the use of unlimited linguistic terms for intelligent distribution management using fuzzy logic technique to rellocate phase load for a balanced three phase system in electric power distribution network system. The classified numerous linguistic terms culminate into numerous clustered regions of input load and output load change variables. These variables are used in fuzzy inference rules to provide the criteria for effective load balancing in three phases. The algorithm developed using the fuzzy set rules using seventeen clustered regions was subjected to the management of 2100 kW peak load in all the three phases. The simulation results showed balanced phase load with a peak load value close or equal to 700 k W per phase as expected. The developed fuzzy set rules is flexible and can be subjected to any grid load of interest to generate its algorithm. Furthermore, the simulation results of the developed fuzzy set rules and the subsequent generated fuzzy algorithm were subjected to the same test. The fuzzy logic algorithm developed in the current study gave low final values of maximum phase difference between two phases and subsequently low values of final absolute average unbalanced per phase.
Selecting a deserving node as a cluster head (CH) has a symbolic impact on the energy efficient working of Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs). With the reduction in network's energy utilization, its lifetime can be increased up to a great extent. Clustering is a mechanism that helps in addressing both these issues efficiently. However, clustering also faces few challenges like making adequate decision during cluster head selection. This challenge arises due to the uncertain and dynamic nature of WSNs originated because of the random deployment of the sensor nodes in them. This paper tries to illustrate the potential of one of the soft computing paradigms i.e. fuzzy logic in overwhelming these issues in clustering WSNs. Since, Fuzzy Logic (FL) has the capability of simulating the mental process of human mind to observe, learn and understand things in the presence of uncertainty. So, this paper presents a systematic review of different fuzzy and hybrid fuzzy based approaches for handling clustering in WSNs.
This work investigate the prospect of rotor broken bar defect diagnosis in squirrel cage induction generator based wind turbine using fuzzy logic system (FLS) of the stator currents. The generator current signal is analyzed through the power spectral density (PSD) to diagnose the magnitudes and frequencies associated with various defects. These magnitudes and frequency components are used to apply the system of Fuzzy logic by simulation software.
Planning of infrastructure's provision and maintenance tasks is commonly done in a planning office using paper maps and desktop applications. However, any infrastructure plan has to be verified on location before being submitted to the responsible authorities. This task is usually accomplished by taking paper maps to the field and annotating them on site, or in the best case, using two-dimensional (2D) maps on mobile devices. Augmented reality (AR) can provide enhanced experiences of real-world situations by overlaying key information and three-dimensional (3D) visualizations when needed, thus supporting decision-making processes. AR could support land surveyors and mobile planners with a graphical overlay of the planned changes, highlighting relevant information and assets in their field of view. This paper presents an AR application, which uses interval type-2 fuzzy logic mechanisms to visualise immersive 3D georeferenced data; supporting planning and designing of infrastructure by directly modifying data to incorporate required changes, without the need of any post-processing. Immersive visual feedback is provided via a head mounted display (HMD), enhancing user's 3D spatial perception of georeferenced data.
The Self-Switching Multi-Strategic Pedagogical Agent is designed following the Autonomic Computing and the Component-Based Agents approaches. It is comprised of two sub-components: Manager (MrSS) and Managed (MdSS) Sub-Systems. These sub-systems are built independently, but they constantly interact with one another. The Multiple Pedagogical Strategies (MPSs) that are used by the system are implemented by MdSS. While the Switching Logic (SL), that is used to (re)conFigure the MdSS, is implemented by the MrSS as an Autonomic Control Loop (ACL). The MPSs and the SL permit to trigger the appropriate PS regarding the crisp values of the Student Knowledge Level (SKL). However, the SKL is characterized by a high degree of uncertainty. To overcome this deficiency, we integrate fuzzy control in the MrSS to handle the uncertainty and consequently improve the strategy selection process. Fuzzy MrSS links the different context parameters and SKL through fuzzy rules taking into account the system’s fuzziness and uncertainties. We will present experiments carried with the Math sub-domain.
Overcharging in lead acid battery which is widely used in solar systems is a result of improper charging control. Overcharging can be prevented by designing a suitable control system for charging of batteries. A good charging control system will decrease the storage capacity and service time for power supply. In the current study, an attempt has been made to design a PI algorithm based charging control system for a first-order dynamic model of the lead acid battery system. To track the set-point response and to reject the disturbances due to external factors such as change in intensity of the solar radiation, a feedback control system has been designed. As the problem approaches to a highly non linear process, conventional control theory is not an appropriate choice. A fuzzy logic controller with a specially chosen triangular membership function has been suggested as an effective alternative approach. It is proved that by employing fuzzy logic technique, the voltage of the battery can be controlled effectively than with a conventional controller.
In this paper load flow analysis using Fuzzy logic has been developed, where at first mathematical model is developed and then Implementation of the model is done using IEEE 9 bus system. Complicacy of load flow analysis with large system has initiated the needs of human visualization approach to reduce the complexity of power flow analysis. One of most powerful intelligent control method, Fuzzy logic is applied here to develop a simple model for load flow analysis. The model developed is based on Fast decoupled method of load flow analysis with real and reactive power mismatch as the unknown variable and voltage magnitude and voltage angle is output of the system. At the end a flow chart is developed to show step by step detail calculation of power flow. Implementation of the model shows that fuzzy logic based power flow solution is much faster, simple to be to be analyzed than the Newton-Rapshon and Fast decoupled method of power flow solution.
In the past decade, urban traffic has increased tremendously. As a result, the urban population has to invest more time in traveling. Increased road traffic results in an increased number of road accidents and more consumption of fuel, thus wasting energy. Hence for solving this issue, this paper proposes a traffic signal synchronization system which takes real time traffic signal data as input and with the implementation of multi-agent fuzzy logic, it introduces the design of an intelligent system which would smoothen the overall road traffic of the city. Fuzzy system is capable of handling the various levels of uncertainties found in the input data taken from the traffic signals. Since fuzzy logic system needs expert knowledge for its rule base and the rule base remains unchanged once defined, this paper adds up Q-learning module so that the system learns by itself by updating the set of rule base.
ICT and AI have been widely used in the field of education. Non-classical methods like fuzzy logic are increasingly being used for evaluation. The primary objective of this analysis is to propose and support the usage of fuzzy logic in the process of evaluating test results for placements in engineering colleges with Computer Science. The contributing attributes that have been brought into consideration for the research are CGPA, Aptitude, English, and Coding score. A sample analysis is provided in which both the average method and the fuzzy logic are applied and compared for evaluation. The outcomes from this case study are presented and reviewed. The flexibility, transparency, and objectivity of using fuzzy logic as an evaluation method provide it an edge over the other classical methods and hence a new evaluation method is proposed.
E-learning is becoming increasingly more popular. However, for such platforms (where the students and tutors are geographically separated), it is necessary to estimate the degree of students' engagement with the course contents. Such feedback is highly important and useful for assessing the teaching quality and adjusting the teaching delivery in large-scale online learning platforms. When the number of attendees is large, it is essential to obtain overall engagement feedback, but it is also challenging to do so because of the high levels of uncertainty associated with the environments and students. To handle such uncertainties, we present a type-2 fuzzy logic based system using visual RGB-D features including head pose direction and facial expressions captured from a low-cost but robust 3D camera (Kinect v2) to estimate the engagement degree of the students for both remote and on-site education. This system enriches another self- learning type-2 fuzzy logic system which provides the instructors with suggestions to vary their teaching means to suit the level of course students and improve the course instruction and delivery. This proposed dynamic e-learning environment involves on-site students, distance students, and a teacher who delivers the lecture to all attending onsite and remote students. The rules are learned from the students' behavior and the system is continuously updated to give the teacher the ability to adapt the lecture delivery instructional approach to varied learners' engagement levels. The efficiency of the proposed system has been evaluated through various real-world experiments in the University of Essex iClassroom on a sample of thirty students and six teachers. These experiments demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed interval type-2 fuzzy logic based system to handle the faced uncertainties and produce superior improved average learners' engagements when compared to type-1 fuzzy systems and nonadaptive systems. (Show More)
Navigation technology is conceivably an important requirement for real time application of Autonomous vehicle. This paper focuses on the application of one of the soft computing technique i.e. a fuzzy logic based controller on the autonomous vehicle for the challenging job of obstacle avoidance. The proposed fuzzy logic controller is having two input and one output. The distances from left and right sensor have been considered as the input, whereas, the rotation angle is considered as the output. A total of 36 set of rule base have been used in designing the fuzzy logic controllers with Graphical User Interface (GUI), that provides the information in which the vehicle moves.
Lung cancer, also known as malignant tumours, is one of the deadly diseases that are prevalent worldwide. It is brought on by the lung tissues' hesitant cell growth. Only when the disease is in its early stages can treatment be begun to cure it. The results of blood tests and computed tomography (CT) scanning are used to find this. Emphasis on the tumours area allows for the detection of the aberrant picture. The sample, which is in jpg format, consists of CT scan images. Convolutional neural networks are used to train the developed framework (CNN). The benefit of using CNNs formed with fuzzy correlation maps is that they do not require considerable image thresholding or the scarce supply of specialized training data. The pre - trained models AlexNet CNN algorithm is presented the output of the fuzzy logic. A deep CNN requires a significant amount of data to analyse in order to get an accurate output. To handle the problem of the restricted size of the CNN set of data, a fuzzy logic-based fuzzy association map is proposed.This work analyses fuzzy-based CNN image classification models and proposes a hybrid CNN fuzzy logic.The use of present technology would increase as a result of this early cancer detection strategy, and cancer prevention would advance.
Underwater Wireless sensor Networks (UWSNs) is one of the promising topics in wireless communications. High transmission power and lengthy data packet transmission consume a significant amount of energy due to the difficult type of communication in this environment. Several methods are used to solve or reduce this problem. In this article, we are interested to study the impact of using fuzzy logic approach in a routing protocol to evaluate the energy performance of an underwater wireless sensor network. We implement the FLOVP (Fuzzy Logic optimized Vector Protocol) routing protocol which is an improved version of the Vector Based Forwarder VBF routing protocol in aqua-sim simulator for underwater wireless sensor based on NS2 to compare its performance in term of energy consumed with the original VBF routing protocol.
The quadruped robot has the advantage of having a high degree of freedom of motion. Therefore, it has been used in various robot applications such as exploration. However, the quadruped robot is not easy to control due to the large number of joints. Existing control methodologies using proportional-integral-differential (PID) or model predictive control show decent performance on uniform terrain. However, the control performance is degraded in the extreme terrain where significant non-linear disturbance occurs. To tackle this problem, we propose FLONIC-Q: fuzzy logic and neural network-based intelligent control system for quadruped robots on extreme terrain. The proposed system includes high-level and low-level control using fuzzy logic and machine learning to deal with disturbances in extreme terrain. As demonstrated in the experiments, the proposed method performs superior to existing system response methods regarding absolute trajectory error and time analysis in various trajectory types.
Intelligent agents have become increasingly significant in numerous fields including autonomous systems, robotics, and smart environments. Neural fuzzy logic, an amalgamation of fuzzy logic and neural networks, offers a propitious solution to incumbent-addressed roadblocks to sub-optimal decision-making and limited adaptability. This paper presents a methodology for integrating neural fuzzy logic into intelligent agent systems, with a focus on a case study involving a robotic vacuum cleaner, constructing a smart cleaning device that continues to learn and optimize its cleaning performance based on experiences. The proposed approach leverages the power of neural fuzzy logic and robotics to create an intelligent and adaptive cleaning device. The iterative nature of the proposed approach allows the robot vacuum cleaner to continuously adapt its behavior based on real-time feedback and learning capabilities, enhancing the intelligence and autonomy of the agent.
This work describes the design and development of controllers based on artificial intelligence tried on a newly design of a mobile robot type-vehicle to control behavior for monitoring wall. Two approaches have been optimized and developed to control the robot: The first one is based on Fuzzy logic. This control algorithm combines the different sensory information and provides a suitable control command allowing the mobile robot to follow the wall deviations. The second approach consists of applying a hybrid-type Neuro-Fuzzy ANFIS controller for the same task. This controller combines the advantages of Fuzzy logic and Neural Networks. Simulations results are presented and implemented with VHDL using ANFIS architecture.
This paper proposes an idea of the amelioration of solar panels with a fuzzy logic controller and their deployment on stagnant water (reservoir of hydro-electric damns). The involvement of a fuzzy logic controller improves the level of intelligence of the control system hence prioritizing between critical and non-critical loads which enables the utilization of the harnessed solar energy with greater service continuity. From the analysis, it was observed that 35% more energy is allocated for critical loads than the non-critical loads which satisfies a greater percentage of critical loads.
This paper presents a novel sensor-less SRM drive based on adaptive-fuzzy logic control. In this method, SRM drive is model-based and current error between actual current and model current is from the proposed speed estimation. Speed estimation has been calculated in two stages; in first stage, current error is used for the compensation of SRM current and next stage obtains compensated torque using compensated current. Finally, compensated torque and electro mechanical differential equations are applied to speed estimation. This sensor-less SRM drive has been simulated using MATLAB/SIMULIK for two speed ranges. These results show that proposed sensor-less SRM drive has good performance in various speeds. Also, on-line adaptive-fuzzy logic improves compensated current and torque estimation. This sensor-less SRM drive has advantages of estimation accuracy, simple structure, fast computation, and low cost.
Today, humanity faces many environmental challenges. Global warming, the pollution of the world’s oceans, the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions, and other problems require a long-term solution strategy. Natural processes are often not amenable to classical mathematical modeling, due to the complexity of describing the interactions of a known number of factors. Creating a correct environmental model requires a large amount of input data. To monitor the state of the environment, it is necessary not only to assess environmental risks in different probable scenarios, but also to develop methods for their minimization and further control. The article analyzes the main approaches to the use of fuzzy logic in describing the processes in the environment. An algorithm for assessing and controlling environmental risks using elements of fuzzy logic on the example of soil pollution with oil is proposed.
Since the electrical load is significantly affected by many factors, such as the economic policy, the human behaviors, the political environment, etc., it is of great difficult to achieve the accurate forecasting. In order to solve such problem, an electric load demand prediction model is proposed in this paper firstly, by utilizing the interval type-2 fuzzy logic (IT2FL) method. Then, the particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm is applied to obtain the best parameters of the model, including the antecedents and consequents of the designed fuzzy rules, aiming at further improving the forecasting performance. Finally, experimental and comparison are conducted. And, both of them demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed forecasting model.
Complex problems in various disciplines like biology, medicine, humanities, management studies and so on gives various research dimensions in soft computing. Risk classification is one of the thrust areas in the field of medicine. This research work aims in risk classification of diabetic nephropathy using fuzzy logic. Fuzzy logic which is a component of soft computing is used for classification. Female patients those are having diabetes mellitus (DM) have a high occurrence of nephropathy. The input parameters are plasma glucose concentration, diastolic blood pressure, body mass index and age are taken as input parameters for designing Mamdani type fuzzy inference system. 25 numbers of rules are given for the risk prediction. The risk of NEPHROPATHY is predicted as low and high. The implementation is carried out through MATLAB 2012a. The PIMA women diabetes dataset is taken for simulation. The performance of the proposed risk classifier is measured in terms of classification accuracy, sensitivity and specificity. Also the outputs are demonstrated by rule viewer and surface viewer.
The purpose of this research was to come up with an intelligent monitoring tool to reduce the number of breakdowns of a beverage company bottle washer. The Fuzzy Logic system was derived among other artificial intelligent systems to be best appropriate to solve the breakdown challenges of the bottle washer. A gearbox is always jamming and it is not easy to troubleshoot the breakdown cause and fuzzy logic is a tool that was used for monitoring. The researchers carried out a company audit, interviews and administered questionnaires in order to gather relevant data. The results were used in intelligent condition-based-maintenance modelling to solve the problem using fuzzy logic system and it was found that oil level should be always above 40% otherwise the gearbox will be made to stop. Torque is supposed to have a range of values accepted from 0-8 000Nm beyond that we consider the stoppage of the gearbox. Very higher torques above 10000Nm damages the machinery.
There is a increase in use of variable speed drives in all the fields like automobile, medicals and household that also increase the demand of brushless DC motors (BLDCM). As BLDC motor is superior over conventional DC motor in areas like higher efficiency, better speed-torque characteristics, noise reduction and low maintenance because there are no brushes to get wearout or produce sparking. Though most of the BLDC motors adopt PI controller and PWM scheme for the speed control of BLDCM. To make speed controlling more precise and robust an adaptive PID-fuzzy controller has been design. Dynamic changes in speed if required can be controller precisely.
Increasing levels of the wind and photovoltaic systems require innovative ways to manage the fluctuations caused due to the intermittent generation profile. This paper proposes a fuzzy logic based control approach to smooth the power output of the collocated wind and photovoltaic generation system. A first order filter is modified with a fuzzy logic controller which regulates the battery power, the state of charge and pitch angle for smoothing of the output power. The controller adjusts the time constant of the filter based on the state of charge of battery and pitch angle of wind generation system by considering the battery power. The effectiveness of the proposed approach is analyzed by considering the different values of the state of charge.
Assessment and grading practices have the potential not only to measure and report learning but also to promote it. Student assessment is integral to learning experience and to curriculum design. It is typically used to evaluate learning outcomes and provide the basis for certification of individual students. Conventional grading system is largely based on human judgments, which tend to be subjective and have high degrees of errors and uncertainties. Because of the traditional pressure in assessment towards objectivity, conformity, consistency and certainty and due to the increasing trends in class sizes and limited resources for teaching, examiners and lectures are always challenging their abilities to deliver timely and fair assessments. To cope with the aforementioned challenges, the need arises for exploring innovation and technology to facilitate assessment and to incorporate other dimensions, which could not be considered in conventional grading system, to ensure and promote deep learning and critical thinking. In this paper a fuzzy grading system, which considers complexity, difficulty and importance of exam questions, is presented. A simplified implementation of interval type-2 fuzzy system using the basic knowledge of type-1 fuzzy is presented. A comparison between the use of type-1 and interval type-2 fuzzy systems in reducing uncertainties and providing more transparent and fair assessment that can reflect needs of individual students and foster development is presented.
The aim of the research is to fix the solar trackers that use LDR as input were losing tracking due to bad weather. In addition, solar trackers that use the calculation of the sun's movement cannot adapt to the environment when the weather is bad. As a solution to these problems, a two-axis solar tracker was made using fuzzy logic. The north south axis is moved once per day. The tilt angle of this axis is based on the calculation of the declination angle and the longitudinal position of the project installation. The east west axis will move every 10 minutes. The tilt angle of this axis is determined by the fuzzy logic output. The first input of this fuzzy logic is the difference between the west LDR and the east LDR. The second input of this fuzzy logic is the difference between the calculated east-west angle and the actual east-west axis angle. The output of fuzzy logic is the speed of the actuator and the direction. The actuator is two stepper motors. This project uses Arduino Mega as a data processing center and ESP-12E to send data to Blynk. The ESp-12E acts as the master while the Arduino Mega acts as the slave. These two modules communicate with the I2C protocol. In conclusion, this solar tracker can follow the movement of the sun and adapt to the environment or weather at that time.
Along with the times, technology in the field of mobile robots continues to progress very rapidly. In the development of autonomous robots, navigation is one part that has an important role. Therefore, mobile robots must be able to adapt to their environment. So we need a control method that can help the robot in the process of adjusting the dynamics of the surrounding environment. In this study, the semi-automatic navigation robot adopts artificial intelligence Fuzzy logic as an output processor that will be generated by the robot. Fuzzy logic on this robot is used to control the speed of the motor based on the distance of the obstacle that is read by the sensor and the input provided by the remote control. In this research, one ultrasonic sensor HC-SR04 is used which is mounted on the front of the robot, and remote control to give commands to the robot and Arduino MEGA 2560 as the microcontroller. To make the robot’s movement more stable when avoiding obstacles, a fuzzy logic algorithm is applied to control the right and left motor PWM. Fuzzy robot system testing is carried out with a robot scenario detecting obstacles at a distance of 4cm and the remote providing an input value of 1870Hz. The results shown on the Arduino IDE application serial monitor are 62.5 PWM for the right motor and 103.53 PWM for the left motor, while the simulation results in the Matlab application show that the right motor PWM is 62.5 PWM and the left motor is 104 PWM. By comparing the output of the semi-automatic navigation robot based on Fuzzy with the output of the simulation results, it is found that fuzzy logic has been successfully implemented on the robot with a success rate of 100% for the right motor and 99.995% for the left motor.
Fraud is a problem that affects operators and telecommunication companies all around the world. One of the most known fraud is the bypass fraud, which is used in international calls in order to avoid access charges and making profits. This kind of fraud causes severe losses in revenue to operators with other negative side effects. In this paper a new fraud detection technique is proposed. The proposed technique depends on user profiling and using fuzzy logic. Fuzzy logic was used in decision making process by utilizing fuzzy logic membership function. A real database from mobile operator company Almadar Aljadid in Libya is used in this investigation. Five features are extracted and employed as detection patterns in the proposed technique. The five features or detection patterns are, subscriber's mobility, incoming to outgoing calls ratio, suspicious cell activity, irregular calls, and service type.
With the continuous development of sensor and communication technology, the ability to acquire the situation information of naval battle field has been continuously improved, and the importance of accurately understanding and explaining ship formation behavior for military decision-making has been realized. In order to solve the problem of inaccuracy and delay caused by manual analysis of situation information, this paper aims to explore a cognitive mining method of behavior law based on knowledge graph and fuzzy association logic, so as to deeply recognize and mine the target situation information of ship formation. Firstly, based on knowledge graph construction technology, knowledge extraction, knowledge fusion and knowledge processing, the multi-source data of ship formation is structurally represented, and the knowledge graph including ship formation, interception and interference is constructed. Then, the applicability and effectiveness of the fuzzy logic reasoning method in the mining of ship formation behavior law are analyzed by introducing fuzzy correlation logic. Then we study the effect of knowledge graph and fuzzy association logic reasoning on the mining of behavior rules, including association information introduction and fuzzy rule weighting. Finally, based on this method, the law mining and cognitive architecture of ship formation release behavior in chaff are constructed, including the dynamic updating of cognition and mining process and knowledge graph. It is found that the cognition and mining method based on knowledge graph and fuzzy correlation provides a feasible solution for the cognition and mining of ship formation behavior law.
Navigation systems in underwater robots refer to the process of avoiding obstacles. The navigation system has uncertainty values at the input and output. In this paper, the method of an automatic navigation system uses fuzzy logic. Fuzzy logic can control and predict from a dynamic system. Fuzzy logic is Mamdani fuzzy logic. Mamdani's fuzzy logic was embedded in the underwater robot navigation system. The embedded system is to build robotic behavior. The input in the navigation system is the distance value of the sonar sensor. The output in the navigation system is the value of the motor velocity. The results of the navigation system with the Mamdani fuzzy logic method have a good performance.
This work focuses on the development of a control strategy of grid-connected photovoltaic power system. The study proposes to compare the use of standard PI type regulators with fuzzy self-tuned PI regulators. This comparison is made for different climatic conditions. In addition, a fuzzy logic MPPT tracker is used to track the maximum power point (MPP) available from PVs array. Simulation results achieved from MATLAB/Simulink environment are presented and discussed to verify the performance of the strategy and the controllers studied. They confirm that the fuzzy logic technique is efficient in terms of accuracy and response time. They allow particularly reducing the harmonic injection rate.
Historical market data that contains a stock's closing price, volume and technical indicators with corresponding trading signals (buy, sell and hold) is one which we cannot write down a formal mathematical model. Fuzzy Logic enables us to work with such systems that we understand in a qualitative way. This paper proposes the use of Fuzzy Logic to develop a trading algorithm that will provide trading signals for an individual stock in the Philippines using Technical Indicators.
In this work, a fuzzy logic control-based energy management strategy is proposed for a fuel cell (FC)/battery hybrid electric vehicle. The model of the proposed hybrid power system is developed in the environment of MATLAB/Simulink. An energy management according to fuzzy rules is designed to regulate FC working in the high efficiency area and protect it from suffering rapidly changing of load power. The reference power of FC is determined in real-time by accumulating its power increment which performs FC power changing from one operating point to another within the high efficiency area limiting by the maximum power slope. The proposed control effect is compared with a simple logic control strategy in New Europe Driving Cycle (NEDC).
Industrial welding processes involve significant human inputs that consequently include a deviation in the accuracy of the system and risk of human errors. Automation for welding processes lessens the possibility of obtaining human welding errors and improves workplace safety due to less human interaction. The study utilizes fuzzy logic operation to control the welding process by setting categorical inputs and outputs based on the function applied to the fuzzy logic. The input parameters and output values will adjust the welding device accordingly for the duration of the process.
The domain model is one of the important components used by adaptive e-learning systems to generate customized courses for the learners. The domain model acts as a data repository that consists of topics, contents, pages or nodes, and navigation links related to the design structure of the represented data. The most important aspect of the domain model is the relations between the course elements in other word the navigation links between pages which are used to decide upon adaptations. In this paper we propose a generation of an adaptive e-learning domain model based on fuzzy logic approach. Our approach uses a predefined domain model provided by expert of a specific field. However to allow the experts to find the best domain model in order to adapt the learners' differences, we consider that the prerequisite relations between the concepts in predefined domain model are fuzzy relations, and they could be established with a certain percentage of uncertainty fixed by the experts. Indeed, we generate many intermediate domain models using various combinations of four parameters of fuzzy logic, then we use the percentage of uncertainty to calculate similarity index between intermediate domain models and predefined domain model by expert, finally we provide the final domain model.
Qualitative knowledge is very useful for system modeling and control problems, especially when specific physical structure knowledge is unavailable and the number of training data points is small. This paper studies the incorporation of one common qualitative knowledge-monotonicity into interval type-2 (IT2) fuzzy logic systems (FLSs). Sufficient conditions on the antecedent and consequent parts of fuzzy rules are derived to guarantee the monotonicity between inputs and outputs. We take into account five type-reduction and defuzzification methods (the Karnik-Mendel method, the Du-Ying method, the Begian-Melek-Mendel method, the Wu-Tan method, and the Nie-Tan method). We show that IT2 FLSs are monotonic if the antecedent and consequents parts of their fuzzy rules are arranged according to the proposed monotonicity conditions. The derived monotonicity conditions are valid for the IT2 FLSs using any kind of IT2 fuzzy sets (FSs) (e.g., Trapezoidal IT2 FSs and Gaussian IT2 FSs) and stand for type-1 FLSs as well. Guidelines for applying the proposed conditions to modeling and control problems are also given. Our results will be useful in the design of monotonic IT2 FLSs for engineering applications when the monotonicity property is desired.
This article continues the theoretical study of weighted structures in mathematical fuzzy logic focusing on the finite model theory of fuzzy logics valued on arbitrary finite MTL-chains. We show that for any first-order (or infinitary with finitely many variables) formula φ, there is a truth-value that φ takes almost surely in every finite many-valued model and such that every other truth-value is almost surely not taken. This generalizes a theorem in the fuzzy setting due to Robert Kosik and Christian G. Fermüller.
Aeroponics is a farming technique of growing plants by empowering the air. In this technique, the roots of the plants will be hung and sprayed with a nutrient solution at regular intervals. Therefore, the fertigation process must be carried out optimally so that plants can grow well. Additionally, the temperature and humidity of the plant environment are also some important parameters to be maintained. Consequently, an automatic fertigation system is needed to maintain the temperature and humidity of the environment. In this study, the Sugeno fuzzy logic method is used in the automatic fertigation process to determine the duration of watering according to the temperature and humidity of the environment. Based on the test results, the system can reach the set point temperature of 28°C and 90% humidity within 54 seconds. The duration of watering using fuzzy logic calculations on the system is also compared with simulation results of Matlab software and obtained an average error of 0.02%. Tests on lettuce during the 10-day planting period show that the plants are able to grow well in the aeroponic system with an average height growth rate of 7.3 cm.
A fuzzy logic controller is proposed for the evaluation of water drainage in order to determine if water content is easily available to crops; the lexical uncertainty given by “easily available” was quantified into a numerical value in this first approach. The result is a preliminary controller that embeds structural human knowledge about irrigation scheduling into an analytic fuzzy logic model (FLM), in order to provide agricultural scientists with quick access to a particular crop’s main production and growth related variables, and allowing for future data driven decisions on the spot. The controller was validated with real data collected from a particular crop, using remote sensors connected to Internet.
This paper proposes the application of Fuzzy Logic as a tool to detect customs and financial violations. The fuzzy rules are developed by the method of multi-subject multicriteria expertise. Synthetic data generated using Gretel online environment is used for testing. The resulting fuzzy rule system was tested with real data from the Customs Agency, and the results obtained showed very high accuracy.
Power system stabilizers (PSSs) are added to excitation system to enhance the damping during low frequency oscillations. This paper presents a study of fuzzy logic power system stabilizer (PSS) for stability enhancement of a single machine power system. In order to accomplish the stability enhancement, two approaches to design Fuzzy Logic Power System Stabilizers (FLPSS) as follows: 1-FLC1 has Speed deviation and power angle as its input Δω and ΔPa. 2-FLC2 has Speed deviation and Acceleration as its input Δω and Δδ. The performance of these two approaches is compared and is compared with the system without PSS. The stabilizing signals were computed using the fuzzy membership functions depending on these variables. The simulations were tested under different operating conditions, also tested with different membership functions. The simulation results are quite encouraging and satisfactory.
Software development time and cost estimation are the process of estimating the most realistic use of time and cost required for developing a software. It is one of the biggest challenges in the area of software engineering and project management, in the last decades. The software estimates are difficult to obtain due to incomplete software information is available in the early phase of software development process. Insufficient software information causes inaccuracy in software attributes. Thus, the vagueness and uncertainty of the software attributes is the main reason of inaccuracy of software estimates. Software cost estimation models such as regression model, expert judgment, SLIM, and COCOMO require accurate software attributes and long term estimation process, which are not completely achievable in early phase of software development process. Soft computing techniques such as fuzzy logic can reduce the vagueness and uncertainty of software attributes. Therefore, it may consider as alternative to decrease the inaccuracy of software estimates. This research aims to utilise an adaptive fuzzy logic model to improve the accuracy of software time and cost estimation. Using advantages of fuzzy set and fuzzy logic can produce accurate software attributes which result in precise software estimates. The Two-Dimension Gaussian Membership Function (2-D GMF) was used in the fuzzy model to make software attributes smoother in terms of the range of values. The COCOMO I, NASA98 data sets; and four project data from a software company in Malaysia were used in the evaluation of the proposed Fuzzy Logic COCOMO II (FL-COCOMO II). The evaluation of the obtained results, using Mean of Magnitude of Relative Error (MMRE) and PRED(25%) evaluation techniques, showed that the FL-COCOMO II produced the MMRE less than the original COCOMO and the value of PRED(25%) in the Fuzzy-COCOMO II is higher than the original COCOMO. Furthermore, the FL-COCOMO II showed 8.03% improvement in terms of... (Show More)
Wireless sensor nodes are resource constrained and have limited amount of energy. Therefore, designing protocols that conserve energy is an important area of research. Researchers have investigated architectures and topologies that allow energy efficient operation of WSNs. One of the popular techniques in this regard is clustering. The different methods of node clustering techniques have appeared in the literature. In this paper, we propose a new protocol called Gateway and Cluster Head Election using Fuzzy Logic in heterogeneous wireless sensor networks (GCHE-FL), this protocol uses two election fuzzy logic to evaluate the chance of sensors to become gateway and cluster head. In the first election (Gateway Election), the qualified nodes are selected based on their energy and proximity to base station. Then, in the second election (Cluster Head Election), two fuzzy parameters are used. These parameters are efficiency which is the ratio between residual energy of each node and the average energy of the cluster, and Cluster_Distance which is the sum of distances between the node and the others nodes which is within cluster. Simulation results show that the proposed approach consumes less energy and prolongs the network life time compared with other protocols.
With the advent of rapid development in technology, use of multilevel inverter (MLI) increased drastically as it has many advantages compared to normal inverters. But, with increase in switches there is a high chance of occurrence of failure. So, for a system to be more reliable, fault must be detected and cleared as fast as possible. In this paper, fault diagnosis is performed using discrete wavelet transform (DWT) and fuzzy logic. Valuable features for output voltage signals are extracted by DWT. Fuzzy logic is used for switch fault detection in the last stage. This method has satisfactory results and reasonable advantages over traditional methods.
In the last years, Smart Grid applications and Renewable Energy Sources have grown strongly worldwide, particularly the photo-voltaic (PV) and wind energy conversion systems. However, PV cells and wind energy conversion requires to keep a constant DC voltage at a specific level during real-time variations of environmental conditions, such as temperature, radiation and wind speed. In view of this goal, a suitable control scheme topology is proposed in this study for power electronic converters. Conventional proportional-integral (PI) controller and Fuzzy Logic Control (FLC) for DC/DC converters are surveyed in the paper. Voltage control is demonstrated for the both cases. A comparison of simulation results indicates that the performance of the FLC is superior to that of a conventional PI controller.
Fuzzy description logics (DLs) are extensions of DLs for dealing with imprecise and vague concepts. They found the logical basis for fuzzy ontologies, which are useful for practical applications. Bisimilarity is a natural notion of equivalence between individuals in DLs. In this paper, for the first time, we introduce the notion of bisimilarity in fuzzy DLs under the Zadeh semantics. It is defined using our notion of p-cut simulation between fuzzy interpretations. The considered logics are fuzzy DLs that extend the fuzzy version of the DL ALC reg (a variant of propositional dynamic logic) with features among inverse roles, the universal role, qualified number restrictions, nominals, and local reflexivity of a role. We provide results on preservation of information by the mentioned simulations, conditional invariance of ABoxes and TBoxes by bisimilarity between witnessed interpretations, as well as the Hennessy-Milner property for fuzzy DLs under the Zadeh semantics.
This paper studies the continuity of the input–output mappings of fuzzy logic systems (FLSs), including both type-1 (T1) and interval type-2 (IT2) FLSs. We show that a T1 FLS being an universal approximator is equivalent to saying that a T1 FLS has a continuous input–output mapping. We also derive the condition under which a T1 FLS is discontinuous. For IT2 FLSs, we consider six type-reduction and defuzzification methods (the Karnik–Mendel method, the uncertainty bound method, the Wu–Tan method, the Nie–Tan method, the Du–Ying method, and the Begian–Melek–Mendel method) and derive the conditions under which continuous and discontinuous input–output mappings can be obtained. Guidelines for designing continuous IT2 FLSs are also given. This paper is to date the most comprehensive study on the continuity of FLSs. Our results will be very useful in the selection of the parameters of the membership functions to achieve a desired continuity (e.g., for most traditional modeling and control applications) or discontinuity (e.g., for hybrid and switched systems modeling and control).
This abstract explores the impact of emotional intelligence (EI) training in performance management systems on organizational effectiveness using a fuzzy logic approach. Emotional intelligence is a critical factor in enhancing employee performance and overall organizational success. However, evaluating the impact of EI training on organizational effectiveness is a complex task due to the subjective and uncertain nature of emotional intelligence. Fuzzy logic provides a flexible and intuitive framework to handle this complexity. By defining fuzzy variables, linguistic terms, and membership functions, fuzzy logic allows for the integration of imprecise data and captures the nuanced relationships between emotional intelligence and organizational outcomes. Through fuzzy inference and defuzzification techniques, the impact of EI training on organizational effectiveness can be quantified and analyzed, enabling data-driven decision-making. The application of a fuzzy logic approach provides a comprehensive assessment of the effectiveness of EI training programs and identifies areas for improvement, leading to enhanced organizational performance and employee well-being.
The availability of information on all states plays a critical role in a wide range of fields including quadcopter UAVs. Sensor limitation, accuracy, noise, and uncertainty are issues that limit acquisition of information on states of such vehicles. Sliding mode observer (SMO), as a nonlinear observer, is believed to be able to deal with such issues. However, the chattering phenomenon in SMO is still an issue that may lead to performance degradation. Interval Type-2 fuzzy logic system (IT2FLS), which has the capability to accommodate uncertainties of the system, will play a vital role in eliminating this phenomenon. A hybrid mechanism by combining the two methods is investigated in this paper. The proposed method is compared with Type-1 fuzzy logic observer to show the advantages of the approach. The results obtained demonstrate good performance of the approach in dealing with noise and uncertainty as well as eliminating the chattering phenomenon of SMO.
Recently, travelling wave ultrasonic motors (TWUSMs) have started to attract attention for industrial applications thanks to its outstanding characteristics such as quiet operation, high torque at low speeds, and the high holding torque. The speed control of TWUSM is adjusted by using three methods These methods are the frequency, amplitude, and phase difference of the applied voltage. The frequency control method is implemented to control the rotor speed of the motor. The phase difference method is applied to controlled position control in this study. The fuzzy logic controller (FLC), FLC with PI (FLC-PI) controller, and FLC with PID (FLC-PID) controller systems are implemented to the speed control of TWUSM. The position control system is constituted with same controller systems. The proposed FLC PID controller for TWUSM has performed very well for all operating conditions according to other controller response parameters such as steady state, peak time, peak value, and rise time error. Thus, the proposed controller scheme of the motor is suitable, reliable, effective and very simple for all operating conditions.
This paper proposes a conceptual framework forowner- contractor relationship and time-cost trade-off analysisof construction project control system using fuzzy logicapproach. Construction projects require a well-definedstarting point and well-defined finish point with accurateresource allocation to avoid any cost overrun. During thelifecycle of the project, different problems can appear. Themost important ones are delay and construction cost overrunduring the executing phase of the project. To avoid that, aneffective planning system with effective control technique is acrucial issue. The main objectives of this research are todevelop and design a conceptual framework that may be aguide for the contractor and the owner for controlling theconstruction projects. The results show that a good conceptualframework need to start with breaking down the project inconjunction with analyzing the cost and time to have both thecontractor and the owner the better and less risk in having agood proposal in time, cost and quality. However the finalframework show that a need for continuous feedback from theowner to the contractor during the planning process and alsocan help in designing and developing a proposal that satisfyboth the contractor and the owner in terms in time, cost andquality. Risk assessment should be one of the main factors thatshould be considered during all steps in monitoring, planningand controlling the project. Finally a simulation has been doneusing the Fuzzy logic approach to validate the conceptualframework)
Most of the pollution issues created in power system is due to the power quality problems like faults, harmonics etc. In this paper a grid connected fixed speed wind turbine induction generator subjected to asymmetric fault gets attenuated by unified power flow controller (UPFC) as it compensates the positive and negative sequence voltages thereby reducing the torque oscillations and improving the life time of the drain. It is the combination of static compensator (STATCOM) and static synchronous series compensator (SSSC). The control theory is based on vector control- dq(direct quadrature axis) reference frame fed PI, hysteresis control and fuzzy logic control using DSOGI-PLL(Dual second order generalized integrator- Phase locked loop). The proposed system is implemented using MATLAB / SIMULINK platform with and without Unified power flow controller. The effect of UPFC for fixed speed windturbine under faults is analysed using the above three controllers and its performance is evaluated.
This paper focuses on spectrum handoff where cognitive user can returns the spectrum to demanded licensed user. Besides, the cognitive user can chooses to adjust its transmission power with sufficient protection to licensed user instead of carry out spectrum handoff. Using our proposed scheme, cognitive user switches between the bands if and only if it is unable to modify its transmission power within the tolerable limits. Therefore, this paper aims to clearly describe the concepts of cognitive radio and fuzzy logic, and the implementation of proposed algorithm. MATLAB software simulations were carried out and the results show the promising benefit of using our scheme in optimizing the power consumption and spectrum handoff rate of cognitive radio.
We formulate and prove logical characterizations of crisp simulations and crisp directed simulations between fuzzy labeled transition systems with respect to fuzzy modal logics that use a general t-norm-based semantics. The considered logics are fragments of the fuzzy propositional dynamic logic with the Baaz projection operator. The logical characterizations concern preservation of existential (respectively, positive) modal formulas under crisp simulations (respectively, crisp directed simulations), as well as the Hennessy-Milner property of such simulations.
Since the overhead transmission lines are exposed to external faults and they ultimately disrupt the characteristics of system if not detected in defined span of time. Therefore, in order to maintain the stability and reliability of power system, it is necessary to detect the exact type of fault occurred. This research proposes a simplest fuzzy logic system to detect the type of fault on High Voltage (HVAC) 400 kV transmission lines supplied from both ends. In this paper, a fuzzy logic-based fault classification of transmission lines using Z & S type membership functions is proposed and classification is made on the basis of magnitudes positive sequence and zero sequence currents of lines during the faulty conditions. These membership functions divide the inputs into two ranges and thus making the fuzzy system digitized with low (0) and high (1) outcomes. The designed method is able to detect all types of faults i.e, three phases shorts, two phases shorts, two phase to ground, three phase to ground and single-phase to ground faults with better precision and accuracy. The suggested technique has better performance even in long transmission lines or if a fault occurs away from protection point and also for overloaded lines. The operating times for relays to isolate the fault are also calculated. The propositions are verified through fuzzy logic toolbox in MATLAB.
Trust is a vital factor, especially for service oriented systems in the area of Information Technology and Security. Several issues have been raised by enterprises and individuals concerning the reliability of the cloud resources. In cloud computing, trust helps the consumer to choose the service of a cloud provider for storing and processing their sensitive information. In this paper, a trust model is proposed which uses Quality of Service parameters (QoS) to evaluate trust. The fuzzy nature of trust has encouraged us to use fuzzy logic to calculate trust value of a provider in cloud environment, thus increasing the effectiveness of the system. QoS parameters such as turnaround time, availability and reliability are taken for trust evaluation.
An electric drive performance is highly influenced by the potential of the controller employed. For high-performance Permanent Magnet Synchronous Motor (PMSM) drive, Vector control techniques are preferred over other methods. Due to the non-linear dynamics and time-varying parameters of PMSM, its control is a significant issue. This paper investigates the application of a fuzzy logic controller for the speed control of Field oriented PMSM. The Fuzzy Logic is based on the speed error and change of error measured as the difference between the motor speed and the reference speed. The Fuzzy Logic controller performance is also compared to a PI controller. It's been observed that the Fuzzy Logic controller gives better response for speed control of PMSM drive as compared to the PI controller.
This paper proposes a grid associated photovoltaic fed brushless DC motor driven water pumping system with improved power quality of the grid by using a Fuzzy Logic Controller. This system enables a water pump to operate continuously regardless of the weather and to feed a grid when water pumping is not necessary. A power flow control in either direction between the DC bus and the grid is achieved with a unit vector template (UVT) generation technique. A Fuzzy Logic Controller is proposed to reduce the inner loop current controller error, resulting in a fast response speed and obtaining an improved power quality of grid. The effectiveness of proposed Fuzzy Logic control technique is compared with conventional PI control technique approach. The system is simulated on the MATLAB/Simulink platform.
Population growth, industrialization, and commercialization all contribute to an enormous demand for electricity that frequently depends on fossil fuels. The focus is now on the usage of renewable energy sources because of the sudden reduction in fossil fuels, increased cost of electricity production, and pollution. The use of the smart microgrid systems in hospitals, schools, colleges, small businesses, government buildings, etc. has proven to be successful. The unpredictable nature of renewable energy sources, however, leads to poor energy management and an inability to supply the applications with the necessary power. In order to increase energy efficiency, this research provides an autonomous energy management system (EMS) for a smart microgrid that uses a fuzzy logic algorithm. The suggested method FOFFers an energy and money-saving alternative.
The recent global financial economic crisis led to the collapse of several companies from all over the world. This created the need for powerful frameworks which can predict and reduce the potential risks in financial applications. Such frameworks help organizations to enhance their services quality and productivity as well as reducing the financial risk. The widely used techniques to build predictive models in the financial sector are based on statistical regression which are deployed in many financial applications such as risk forecasting, customers’ loan default and fraud detection. However, in the last few years the use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) techniques has increased in many financial institutions because they can provide powerful predictive models. However, the vast majority of the existing AI techniques employ black box models like Support Vector Machine (SVMs) and Neural Network (NNs) which are not able to give clear and transparent reasoning to explain the extracted decision. However nowadays crystal transparent reasoning models is highly needed. This paper explains our work in progress to develop a novel Genetic Type-2 Fuzzy Logic model for decision support to minimize financial default in the banking sector. The proposed system will use evolutionary computing in order to gain the ability to optimize the huge number of rules which are expected to be generated by the type-2 fuzzy inference engine and summarize them in rational number of rules which can provide powerful performance and crystal transparent reasoning model.
Construction crew worker behavior emerges from interaction with fellow crew members, social influence, interaction with the environment, and personal characteristics (e.g., self-efficacy, goal commitment). Agent-based modeling is a good solution for handling complex systems of interacting agents and therefore is suitable for modeling construction crew behavior. Agent-based modeling can handle system complexities that arise from interactions of the system components; however, many systems-especially those comprising human behavior and social relationships-also include subjective uncertainties, which are not accounted for in agent-based modeling. Fuzzy logic, on the other hand, is able to deal with subjective uncertainty; therefore, for modeling behavioral and social systems such as construction crew behavior, integrating these two techniques is advantageous. In this paper, we present the concept of agent-based modeling, then we introduce the concept of integrating fuzzy logic and agent-based modeling. Finally, we present the development of a fuzzy agent-based model of construction crew behavior that will allow us to predict construction crew performance. The contribution of this paper is in introducing the integration of fuzzy logic and agent-based modeling in construction modeling and developing a fuzzy agent-based model of construction crew behavior.
The intermittent connectivity network under delay tolerant networks is called opportunistic network (OppNet), where there is no direct path between source and destination and does not rely on any central authority. Nodes exchange messages through intermediate nodes in which the message stores waiting for the opportunity to be forwarded to the destination or other cooperative nodes using the concept of store-carry-forward approach. In such a scenario, some critical issues will occur like a low delivery ratio, a long delay, frequent partitions, buffer space management issues. The propsoed research work can overcome all the above issues by designing the routing protocols and many protocols have been proposed based on various techniques like fuzzy logic, neural network, genetic algorithm, machine learning, etc. This paper discusses the opportunistic routing protocols using the concept of fuzzy logic and summarizing them based on their features trying to cover most of the opportunistic routing protocols based on fuzzy logic. This paper classifies the fuzzy logic-based opportunistic routing protocols into two categories, the first one is the message priority and the second is the node selection. The motivation of this paper is to give a wide view of the existing OppNet routing protocols which use the concept of FLC and routing features of each one. This work will allow researchers to find out the appropriate protocol to considered in their research.
In this paper, a centralized Wide Area Damping Controller (WADC) is synthesized based on Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Logic controller. The disturbance is symbolized as distributed in the network with application of momentarily disturbance to the generator in area 1 for few cycles. The response of tie-line active power flow from area-1 to area-2, rotor speed change, rotor mechanical angle deviation, positive sequence voltage are examined by considering the test system with conventional PSS (CPSS), fuzzy type-1 based controller and fuzzy type-2 based controller. The proposed controller performance is analyzed and compared with fuzzy type-1 based controller and CPSS. The simulation results are used for authentication of the proposed interval fuzzy type-2 over CPSS and also with fuzzy type-1 based PSS.
Development of Traffic signal control systems has become one of the most important topics in this era. Traffic light controllers need to be developed continuously to solve the traffic problems. This paper discussed the proposed Hybrid system and demonstrated how the system works from the beginning of the first flag "decrease of cross ratio" until the end of the action system. The proposed system was divided into three main parts: The proposed algorithm (Dynamic Webster with dynamic Cycle Time), Accident Detection System using fuzzy logic theory and Action System depending on Detection System. The focus of this paper is to discuss the Accident Detection System of the proposed Hybrid system, which depended on fuzzy logic and its components. This paper also presented results using iTraffic Simulation to measure the False Alarm Rate the Accident Detection Rate.
This paper describes a methodology that shows the feasibility of a fuzzy logic (FL) representation of Turkish emotion-related words. We analyzed 197 Turkish emotion words set through a Web-based surveys that prompted users with emotional words and asked them to enter an interval valence, activation, and dominance emotion attributes using a double slider. Our previous experimental results indicated that there was a strong correlation between the emotions attributed to Turkish word roots and the Turkish sentences. In this paper, we extend our previous work and analyze Turkish emotion words by using an interval type-2 fuzzy logic.
In this paper, we propose an embedded fuzzy logic controller (EFLC) with a focus on addressing the challenges arising from the increasing number of fuzzy rules in autonomous mobile robots (AMRs). The Cortex-M0 is selected as the main processor, and the entire logic was implemented utilizing Verilog HDL. In order to evaluate performance, we analyzed the execution time difference between a software-only implementation of a fuzzy logic controller (FLC) on Cortex-M0 and a hardware-accelerated implementation with the proposed EFLC. The effectiveness and feasibility of the proposed design were demonstrated through simulations and field-programmable gate array (FPGA) implementation.
Use of an electric vehicle is increasing day by day. The role of different electrical and electronic components has become very important for increasing efficiency of electric vehicles. Power electronic inverter is one of them. In this paper, we have studied and discussed different types of fault /failure modes, the effect of failure and causes of these failures using the fuzzy FMEA. The components considered in conventional failure mode and effect analysis (FMEA) for risk evaluation are severity (S), occurrence (O) and detectability (D) of an item failure mode. Because of the subjective and qualitative nature of the data and to make the analysis more predictable and sensible, an approach utilizing fuzzy logic is proposed. In the proposed approach, parameters are represented as members of a fuzzy set fuzzified by using appropriate membership functions and are evaluated in the fuzzy inference engine, which makes use of well-defined rule base and fuzzy logic operations to determine the criticality/riskiness level of the failure. The fuzzy conclusion is then defuzzified to get risk priority number. The higher the value of RPN, the greater will be the risk and lower the value of RPN and the lesser will be the risk. The fuzzy linguistic evaluation model has been created utilizing toolkit stage of MATLAB R2017.
In this paper, a fuzzy logic call admission control (CAC) mechanism is proposed for an integrated UMTS-WLAN network. This paper grounds a novel dynamic CAC algorithm on a class-based CAC method. It uses fuzzy logic theory to generate the optimal quantity of the channel thresholds so as to assign radio resource efficiently and guarantee the Quality-of-Service (QoS) requirement. The new fuzzy logic algorithm exhibits its superiority by comparing the handover dropping probability with that of threshold-based approach. The simulation results verify that the evolved threshold-based CAC with fuzzy logic provides a lower handover dropping probability.
Internet of Things (IoT) is an emergent smart technology which has a significant interest in the modern wireless communications field. Besides, the vast evolution of these networks, there are different issues. One of them is the source energy limited to the capacity of the sensor node's battery. Clustering in IoT network can improve the energy efficiency since that transmission energy is attached to the distance between transmitter and receiver. In this work, we proposed a new clustering approach for IoT network by using the Fuzzy Logic (FL) in IoT'node and the Genetic Algorithm (GA) in the Base Station. In our proposed method, first step includes the nomination process for being a cluster head (CH) and the second step includes the selection of the optimal among the qualified nodes as a CH for that particular cluster. Thus, the nomination method is based on the FL approach and selection CH method is based GA. Simulation results prove that the proposed method performs better than LEACH, PSO and GA protocols, reduces mainly energy consumption and enhances the network lifetime.
This paper presents the design, implementation and analysis of a Pi-type fuzzy logic controller (PIFLC). The proposed controller was designed using a very simple control rule-base, with the error and change of error as inputs. The purpose of this controller was to provide stability when sudden changes happened in the reference air flow of an industrial fan system. The proposed scheme was tested and implemented in a PLC (Programmable Logic Controller). This scheme was also simulated in Matlab®. Performance comparison between the conventional Pi-type and the PIFLC was carried out in terms of the responses due to sudden changes in air flow reference. An analysis from the point of view of energy efficiency was also performed. Results show the powerful industrial application of this control method which searches for intelligent and dedicated automation. The PIFLC performs very well in this case.
Fuzzy Inference System (FIS) is mapping the input space to the output space. A Fuzzy Rule Base (FRB) consists of a set of fuzzy IF-THEN rules. It is the heart of the fuzzy system in the sense that all other components are used to implement these rules in a reasonable and efficient manner. FIS consists of three main sections. The first section contains the exact values(non-fuzzy) expressed by IF condition. The second part contains the result calculation of THEN. The third part consists of aggregating of the fuzzy results and obtained the non-fuzzy output. In this paper, using CPN Tools Software are described colors set for modelling of Mamdani Fuzzy Inference Engine, Then the Fuzzy Inference Rules will be presented as a submodel. In the third step implementation of each model and the proof correctness a particular condition of the basic rules that will apply to the network as a token.
This paper presents the performances of different type fuzzy logic controllers which are adaptive neural-network based fuzzy logic (ANNFL) controller, hierarchical adaptive neural-network based fuzzy logic (HANNFL) controller and adaptive neural-network based interval type2 fuzzy logic (ANNIT2FL) controller. ANNFL, HANNFL and ANNIT2FL controllers are applied on flexible manipulator for both position and tip deflection control to learn which one satisfy us with it's performance according to desired goals. The performances of the proposed controllers are evaluated on the basis of the experimental results.
Over the past few decades, IT industry has faced the difficulties of evolving their software systems in order to live on the market and to compete with similar software systems. For software systems to live on market, they should derived new additional design requirements and concert themselves to the new evolving environment. Evolvability is most crucial and essential attribute to evaluate the software development. Due to gradual development of system, the AOP-based software moves closer to researcher and practitioner. It is sufficient straightforward to reuse the system than developing the new system. Evolvability reduces the different factors like development cost, time (i.e. installation and access), maintenance and effort of software system. This paper explores a framework to assess and verification of evolvability in AOSQ model using fuzzy logic toolbox. All the values of evolvability and its related characteristics are calculated by analytic hierarchy process (AHP) tool.
Setting up cellular towers is a much more arduous job than it seems upfront. While selecting a particular site for setting up a cellular tower, it becomes extremely important that we take into account several paradoxical and conflicting criteria. Ultra high frequencies used for mobile communication make the setting up of cellular towers near residential areas highly unsuitable, while on the other hand the range served by the base stations suffer if they are setup at far off places. So, such situations including more contradicting factors when accounted call for the need of some reliable system that can handle these conditions in a cumulative manner and give a best solution under known circumstances. This research is an attempt to design and implement a fuzzy logic system to select most appropriate sites for installation of cellular towers. In the system designed, six input parameters which are Nearest building threshold distance, Interference with other wireless users, Ground Terrain, End-user density, Cellular Interference and Electromagnetic Radiation level are evaluated using Fuzzy system to infer an output parameter Overall Suitability.
Bounded residuated lattice ordered monoids (Rl-monoids) are common generalizations of BL-algebras, i.e., alge-bras of the propositional basic fuzzy logic. From the point of view of uncertain information, sets of provable formulasin inference systems could be described by fuzzy filters of the corresponding algebras. In the paper we introduced and investigated n-fold implicative fuzzy filters of bounded Rl-monoids.
The implementation of fuzzy logic control for autonomous UAV autopilots is achieved by having two sets of fuzzy rules, one for controlling the change in heading (horizontal plane controller) and the other for controlling the change in altitude (vertical plane controller) of the aircraft. This paper is a general presentation on the topic of fuzzy logic controlled UAV autopilots as well as a presentation of how the input and output membership functions are chosen for both the horizontal plane and vertical plane controller from Fuzzy C-Mean clustering. This paper also provides a sample implementation of the controllers for verification of process and proof that the use of C-Mean clustering for generation of membership functions is a good method. The understanding established in this paper is critical for the development and implementation of a successful fuzzy logic autopilot.
Development of Traffic signal control systems has become one of the most important topics in this era. Traffic light controllers need to be developed continuously to solve the traffic problems. This paper discussed the proposed Hybrid system and demonstrated how the system works from the beginning of the first flag “decrease of cross ratio” until the end of the action system. The proposed system was divided into three main parts: The proposed algorithm (Dynamic Webster with dynamic Cycle Time), Accident Detection System using fuzzy logic theory and Action System depending on Detection System. The focus of this paper is to discuss the Accident Detection System of the proposed Hybrid system, which depended on fuzzy logic and its components. This paper also presented the results with scenario plotting the inputs outputs and the showcases the 3D plot for the scenario to detect the accident using FuzzyTech program.
Drape is particularly interesting because it is characterized by a deep ambivalence, oscillating between artistic pattern and type of clothing. It is influenced by the physical and mechanical fabrics properties. In this paper, we presented a method based on the fuzzy logic which the aim is the prediction of the drape behavior (drape coefficient, drape distance ratio, fold depth index and node number) from some fabrics properties such us the bending rigidity (warp, weft and skew direction), shear rigidity and weight of fabric samples.
This paper proposes an energy storage and load-feeding strategy based on examining household vital appliances, power generated by solar panels, electricity stored in bank batteries, and power consumed at three-time intervals during the day. In this study, fuzzy logic control is applied as an optimization strategy. This study presents an energy storage and load-feeding strategy based on evaluating household essential appliances, power generated by solar panels, electricity stored in bank batteries, and power consumed at three-time intervals during the day. In this research, fuzzy logic control is used as an optimization approach. This study presents an energy storage and load-feeding strategy based on evaluating household essential appliances, power generated by solar panels, electricity stored in bank batteries, and power consumed at three-time intervals during the day. In this research, fuzzy logic control is used as an optimization approach.
The problem of dynamic routing in a software defined networks (SDN) Internet of Things is considered, in which communication links have several quality of service (QoS) parameters. A modified paired transition algorithm based on fuzzy logic for dynamic routing to QoS ensure has been developed. A fuzzy inference system (FIS) to determine the correspondence of a communication link to a certain QoS based on the values of its parameters has been created. The linguistic variables and the base of fuzzy rules of the FIS are described. A visual environment has been developed for the experimental study of algorithms used in SDN based on fuzzy logic. Its main functions and interface are described. An experimental study of the modified paired transition algorithm based on fuzzy logic was carried out. It is shown that changing the QoS parameters of communication links leads to only a slight change in the original tree of optimal routes.
In this paper, we proposed a multiple attributes handover algorithm based on fuzzy logic. The algorithm utilizes received signal strength (RSS), forecasting RSS, delay, network loads and battery utilization as parameters to design of fuzzy logic system, and the candidate network of the fuzzy logic system is reduced by the gray prediction algorithm, using fuzzy logic method processed the parameters, and then obtain the quantized value of each network parameters membership. At last calculated network performance evaluation values to make a handover decision. Meanwhile, this algorithm considered the group user types and priority. We set up simulation scenarios to test the effectiveness of the algorithm, the experimental results showed that our proposed handover scheme can reduce the handover number, ensure QoS and reduce network load.
Precision stamping is a special type of processing of metal blanks, in which it becomes possible to create such parts, which subsequently will not need additional machining. Most often, after this type of stamping the parts are immediately ready to use. Process control precision stamping is based on the use of fuzzy logic, because the process parameters belong to a certain interval. In this paper, fuzzy logic is used to maintain process performance in the required ranges. Fuzzy logic is made in the form of production rules on the basis of a precompiled knowledge base using linguistic variables, the function of belonging of triangular terms is selected for precision stamping and the process of fuzzification is presented by the example of a certain variable.
There will be waste of fuel causing economical loss and effects on environment due to improper combustion of fuel and air in boiler. Thus boiler combustion control need to be perfect and able to provide a continuous supply of steam at desired load demand. A single loop PID controllers are mostly used for combustion control of solid fuel fired boiler because of their simple structure and are easy to design. However PIDs are unable to control combustion control of solid fuel boiler with continuously varying demand. This results in improper combustion of fuel and air which in turn affecting performance of boiler. Therefore efficiency of boiler get reduced. This paper presents fuzzy logic based combustion control. We simulate this control scheme in Matlab and then on controller. At the end, output gives better boiler combustion control.
This article discusses issues of fuzzy logic actuality use for power costs researching of pumping equipment, emerging problems during the operation and also there are recommendations.
This paper presents methods of controlling a hybrid energy storage system (HESS) operating in a microgrid with renewable energy sources and uncontrollable loads. The HESS contains at least two types of electrochemical batteries having different properties. Control algorithms are based on fuzzy logic and perform real-time control having the goal of active power balancing. Fuzzy rules are adapted to exploit individual advantages of each battery technology while maximising overall HESS lifetime. Presented simulation results illustrate the performance of algorithms, including economical balance and storage systems degradation rate.
Virtual robotics is an alternative way to test many methods effectively and quickly using artificial environments. Firefighting robot's model is an example of virtual robotics case in which virtual robot is developed to help firefighters in extinguishing the fire. In this paper, development of a maze solver simulation in artificial environment with a target to put out the fire is presented. For the control algorithm, Braitenberg method and fuzzy logic technique have been developed in the system, and a comparison of the performance of both methods in firefighting case is performed and the results are presented. Virtual Robotics Experiment Platform (V-REP) and Python software is applied in the development. Two different scenarios in fire extinguishing case with several initial starting point are implemented in the test. The results show how the developed virtual firefighting robots work satisfactorily for the intended purposes and which techniques yield a faster time in solving the problem.
Certain safety metric assigned to specific regions are useful in wide ranges of applications like urban development, security enhancement and so on. To get the safety metric for a geographical area, it becomes quite difficult which factors and how much weightage should be given. Current methods to evaluate safety are limited by considering the factors like crimes or accidents individually. There is no single unique value which considers all the factors. A fuzzy control system is proposed which takes into consideration the crimes, accidents and disasters of a region, and assigns a danger value using the Safety Value Index (SVI). This proposed solution may be used to assess the safety of a region if that region specific data is available. The safety value index is in the range of 0 - 10. To validate the system, the two Indian states namely West Bengal and Bihar are considered and compared using SVI calculated of previous years.
The significant increase in the prices of conventional energy sources and the public awareness of the need to reduce global warming have encouraged many countries to develop new systems based on renewable energies. Combining renewable energy sources with storage units to form a multi source system can provide a more economic, and reliable supply of electricity in all load demand conditions compared to a single-use of such systems. The energy balance between production and consumption should be carefully conducted while choosing the storage method to ensure the availability of power on demand and improve the dynamic behavior of the hybrid system. This paper presents a study of a HRES composed of Photovoltaic (PV) solar panels and a wind turbine as primary energy sources and batteries as storage units and proposes a computer algorithm based on type-1 fuzzy logic to control the energy between production and consumption and ensure the availability of power on demand.
Various kinds of audio and video data are generated everyday like chatting, blog posts and Twitter on wide range of products. Providing keywords for these audio files, thus allow the users to quickly obtain the gist of the lengthy recordings. Sentiment classification aims to detect information such as opinions, direct and indirect feelings expressed in text. In this proposed framework it will detect both Implicit and Explicit expressions and it will classify the Positive, Negative and Neutral words and also to identify the topic of the particular meeting transcripts. Cyberbullying is a social aggressive and it has powerful negative effects on individuals, specifically adolescents. In this proposed framework it additionally to detect the online social cruelty attack from meeting transcripts like Twitter, blog and Facebook also identify the low frequency keywords. Finally, the quality of the framework is going to improve using fuzzy logic technique.
This paper describes the use of fuzzy logic to develop a simple and reliable maximum power point tracking (MPPT) technique for a stand-alone wind energy system. The system includes a wind turbine without the use of a gearbox, a permanent magnet synchronous generator (PMSG), a three-phase bridge rectifier and a DC-DC boost converter. The simulation results obtained by using MATLAB/Simulink show that the proposed MPPT method always results in the maximum output power corresponding to the current wind speed.
E-Nose Technology is an excellent non-destructive way to identify different gases and perform diverse working environments. It also provides accurate data and is less expensive. Philippine Statistic Authority data shows that the country's tomato production is still rising. The goal is to develop a portable e-nose device that uses fuzzy logic and principal component analysis to identify tomato ripeness. The researchers used MQ3, MQ4, MQ6, MQ7, and MQ135 sensors for the 60-day data acquisition of unripe tomatoes, where the researchers used principal component analysis. After applying the algorithm, MQ3 and MQ135 show low sensor responses. An Arduino Uno controlled the prototype and was connected to the Raspberry Pi 4 for its portability. The three essential sensors demonstrate a rise with each ripeness stage, while MQ6 and MQ7 show little differences in values. The result of the model's overall accuracy is 88%, while the weighted average precision for each classification is 88.7%, indicating that the method is reasonably accurate.
An event-driven spectrum sensing routing algorithm based on fuzzy logic (FLSAC) is proposed to make better use of spectrum resources and reduce the energy consumption of cognitive radio sensor networks (CRSN). The algorithm aggregates nodes with more common channels into clusters in a self-organizing way. Using fuzzy logic, cluster heads are determined according to node residual energy, node neighborhood degree, and node relay degree, which reduces the overhead of cluster head selection and balances the energy consumption between cluster heads. Cluster heads and gateway nodes use multi-hop routing to improve inter-cluster connectivity. Simulation results show that in multi-round event-driven CRSN, FLSAC algorithm outperforms LEUACH and CogLEACH algorithms in energy consumption, network load balancing and, packet transmission rate.
This paper discusses types of feedback control used in variable source fed Boost converter. The power controller plays an important role in the field of renewable energy platform. Mainly used feedback controllers are Fuzzy logic controller, conventional PI control and duty function by using MATLAB/SIMULINK along with output are also provided. The comparison between three closed-loop controls are also explained and gives the detailed relations of all controlled that mentioned.
This paper presents an experimental of fuzzy logic with Mamdani's fuzzy inference method. This experimental applied to microcontroller using the C programming. So far, fuzzy logic with Mamdani's fuzzy inference method many applied only at the level of simulation. The experiment was intended to compare the simulation matlab with microcontroller programming. In programming the microcontroller used a methodology that can produce the same simulation results. With this experiment is expected to help the programmer microcontroller to implement fuzzy logic with Mamdani method. And this method is expected to be applied to the control system in the field of electronics that require fuzzy logic system.
Sentiment Analysis is the process of determining subjectivity, polarity and polarity strength of a piece of text. Survey shows that 81% of Internet users have done on-line research on a product at least once. Manual analysis of this reviews is difficult. To mine the overall sentiment or opinion polarity, sentiment analysis can be used to mine the overall sentiment or opinion polarity of the review. The objective of this paper is to extract features from the product reviews and classify reviews into positive, negative and neutral. Feature based sentiment classification approach is used to extract sentiments. It involves preprocessing to remove noise, extraction of features and corresponding descriptors and tagging their polarity. The proposed technique extends the feature based classification approach to incorporate the effect of various linguistic hedges. This approach uses fuzzy functions to emulate the effect of modifiers, concentrators and dilators. The system was evaluated with SFU corpus and the results suggest that sentiment analysis using fuzzy logic performs remarkably well.
Filament winding is an emerging field in order to transfer filament from one spool to another spool according to having the desired length and pattern. Filament materials that are commonly wound in the industry include threads, yarns, synthetic fiber, and wire. Currently, winding machines are available in textile industry for threads or yarns, however such machines are not suitable for fiber optic winding with high precision in winding pattern. In comparison to thread or yarns, optical fiber is more fragile and cannot be subjected to high stresses and extreme bends. In nature optical fiber has very low surface friction as a result slippage phenomenon exist between layers during filament winding. In addition, fiber optic winding density and pattern stability is not well addressed. This research presents application of fuzzy logic-based control technique on newly developed precision fiber optic winding machine.
Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) consists of a large number of limited memory and battery-powered sensor nodes deployed in the area under observation wirelessly. Therefore, energy efficiency is crucial in WSN. Clustering is a proficient methodology for improving energy efficiency in the network. One of the sensor nodes in every single cluster is considered as a Cluster Head (CH). CH drains its energy faster due to different intra-cluster activities. Therefore, appropriate CH selection is necessary for WSN. In this paper, to select the appropriate CH, fuzzy inference system is applied. The fuzzy input variables are the distance to BS, node degree and remaining energy of sensor node, whereas 'competition radius' and 'size' are two fuzzy output variables. The CHs are selected according to the values of 'competition radius'. The cluster construction is carried out according to the values of 'size'. The sensor nodes get allotted to their respective CH with the nearest distance and the available size of CH. The proposed approach outperforms LEACH and EAUCF algorithm under the evaluation parameters like energy consumption, active sensor nodes per rounds and stability of the network.
This paper presents a diagnostic system which implements several most widely used methods, using fuzzy logic, for fault diagnosis in power transformers using the dissolved gas analysis and furan derivatives analysis. A case study carried out for a power transformer is presented for the validation of the diagnosis system. The results obtained led to the rehabilitation of the transformer and putting it into service within normal parameters. Our system is open that mean it can to exchange data (data input and results) in wide range of data formats like Excel files, MySQL database and OPC client/server technology.
In order to classify faults in High Voltage Direct Current (HVDC) systems, this research proposes a unique method based on fuzzy logic and signals gathered from simulated HVDC systems under various failure situations. In long-distance power transmission, where fault diagnosis and classification are critical to preserving system stability and dependability, HVDC systems are indispensable. Several failure types that are often seen in HVDC systems are simulated in this study, and voltage and current data are collected for analysis via chromatic monitoring. The suggested fault classification method accurately classifies faults by interpreting the analysed signals using a fuzzy logic classifier. The ability of fuzzy logic to handle the uncertainty and imprecision included in real-world data makes it appropriate for fault classification jobs in intricate systems such as HVDC. The fuzzy logic classifier is trained to identify patterns linked to particular defect kinds using the data gathered from simulated scenarios.
Today, the problem of global navigation satellite system (GNSS) positioning in urban canyons has received considerable attention in several field, such as transport and emergency systems. However, the performances of GNSS-based systems can be degraded in urban areas due to non-line-of-sight (NLOS), Multipath and masking effects. In this paper, we aim to explore the potential of RHCP, LHCP antennas technology and the fuzzy logic method for identifying GNSS signal reception state. The fuzzy system developed has based on the satellite elevation and the C/N0-R-L, which is the difference between the left-hand circular polarized (LHCP) C/N0 (carrier-to-noise ratio) and the right-hand circular polarized (RHCP) C/N0. A signal reception state classification by applying the proposed system is demonstrated on a real global positioning system (GPS) signal, and the efficiency of the classifier is shown.
Instagram has become a chosen platform for people to buy and sell online. Nevertheless, some studies have reported that frauds happened from buying and selling through the platform such as product quantity and specification is different as claimed, receipt of a defect product, and other frauds involving Instagram sellers. Hence, trust is vital when customers are engaged in S-Commerce activities on Instagram and there is a need for a trust model to evaluate trustworthiness of sellers. This paper proposes a Fuzzy Logic method in assessing the trustworthiness of Instagram Sellers, from a Customers' perspective. The trustworthiness of three Instagram Sellers was evaluated using the Fuzzy Inference System and values indicated moderate to high trust with values of more than 0.500. The study is expected to provide customers with a guideline on which factors that are important in assessing an Instagram Seller and a model to evaluate and quantify the trustworthiness of Instagram Sellers.
Smart Fish Feeder is an automatic fish feeder that can be controlled using android smartphone. With this tool, fish owners will easily adjust the feeding schedule according to the recommended feed dose, and provide aquarium cleaning scheduling. In designing a fish feeder, there are some criteria such as temperature and time interval of feeding. The data collection has been done by interviewing ornamental fish traders. The data also has been obtained from literature studies that support problem solving theory. The Laravel framework is used to interpret the system while Firebase as the Database Management System. The Android is as a front end that interacts directly with the user. Automatic fish feeding systems are implemented using arduino micro-controller and prototype feeding devices. This research uses Fuzzy Logic Controller method. With the creation of the prototype smart fish feeder the device functions well in terms of both controller and push data. The results of the calculation of the duration of fish feed using the Fuzzy Sugeno Algorithm have been successfully applied to the smart fish feeder.
The navigation of autonomous mobile robots has in recent times gained interest from many researchers in different areas such as in the industrial, agricultural, and military sectors. This paper presents the development of fuzzy logic controller (FLC) motion for guiding a nonholonomic mobile robot to navigate in an environment area cluttered with static obstacles. The controller was programmed with 3 inputs distance from a pioneer p3dx robot that is equipped with 16 ultrasonic sensors, 2 outputs and 27 fuzzy rules that allow robot to move and avoid static obstacles. To validate the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed model we used V-REP and MATLAB softwares. The simulations results showed that the mobile robot could navigate successfully into labyrinth environment thanks to the performance of our intelligent controller.
Basically, Question Answering System (QAS) show the answer from sources with several candidates. The key success factor is how system knows that the candidate answer is exactly the correct answer. To determine the correct answer, this paper aims at applying the fuzzy logic to improve the score of the candidate answers for the QAS using Indonesian language. The methodology is preprocessing, question analyzer, passage retrieval, passage scoring, scoring for similar text, measuring keyword and candidate answer, fuzzy logic controller, rules and extraction answer. There are four fuzzy variables applied namely Lucerne's score, Wijono's algorithm score, a similarity between passage and query text, the distance between keywords and text entity. This research focuses on applying the fuzzy logic on the scoring process of QAS and succeeded in increasing the accuracy level of QAS.
There are several models that correlate global mean temperature with Carbon emissions using statistical analysis; in this study we approach the problem using fuzzy logic analysis and inference systems, which is a pioneer method in climate modelling. The process in which anthropogenic activity affects the atmospheric Carbon and therefore the global mean temperature, has been well studied but there are still a lot of unknown factors that play an important role in the process, e.g. punctual Carbon sequestration processes, economy-led emissions' fluctuations, etcetera. That way the process take no clear path and is when fuzzy logic is ideal to approach the system understanding. In this study a Fuzzy Inference System is developed, which model the problem using historical data from 1959 to present. Our model has good results quite comparable with statistical models and it can be used to project the future global mean temperature. The model was developed using SIMULINK extension from matlab.
“Intelligent self-controlled heating system” have widely established their position as a research field during the last decade. The selection of methods to control performance of self-learning heating systems depends on a great number of conditions of the system being researched. Intelligent systems allow developing different scenarios of functioning of the investigated systems. Use of Fuzzy logic in self-learning systems may be used for tackling a wide range of system control and maintain problems (design and analysis of operation scenario and structure, monitor data base management, balancing of production capacities, optimization of heating system rules etc.). This research helps to detect the most problematics scenarios of operation rules selection process, check the efficiency of the decisions taken to select the work strategy and proposes to use a context sensitive and proactive fuzzy logical system for managing intelligent heating systems adaption to specific user.
The article suggests the implementation of the tasks distribution system for students testing considering grade point average and current progress. This system is based on fuzzy logic. Fuzzy system rules were constructed and the system was checked for correctness of functioning.
Prolonging lifetime has always been a crucial issue in Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs). Many researchers have contributed lots of routing techniques to maximize the network lifetime. Clustering is one of the most popular routing methods due to its high-energy efficiency and scalability. Numerous clustering algorithms have been proposed in recent years. Most of them focused on cluster head selection and neglected the importance of cluster head formation. This paper demonstrates the importance of the cluster formation issue and contributes a novel cluster formation algorithm for WSNs: an energy efficient Cluster formation algorithm based on GA-optimized Fuzzy Logic (CGAFL). In CGAFL, a Fuzzy Inference System (FIS) is applied in cluster formation phase. The fuzzy inference system takes residual energy of the CH, distance between the CH and BS, and distance between the CH and the node as parameters. Each non-CH applies the FIS for each CH and joins the CH that has the maximum chance value to form the cluster. Unlike other fuzzy logic protocols, we use Genetic Algorithm (GA) to optimize the fuzzy inference rule in the FIS. Simulation results show that CGAFL can find the optimal fuzzy inference rules and prolong the lifetime of WSNs, compared with LEACH, CFFL and FLCFP.
Many studies and researches were published about Alzheimer's disease (AD) in recent decades. AD is a degenerative brain disease; it causes cardinal memory deterioration and significant cognitive impairments. In the absence of treatment, searching new innovative methods of this disease prediction becomes a challenge for both doctors and computer scientists. In the same context, we dedicated the following article in the first place to develop approaches in order to predict Alzheimer's disease within pre-treatment of brain images. Our classification's approaches detailed in this paper is based on Fuzzy logic within 3D MRI brain images, 3D PET Florbetaben brain images and 3D PET Flortaucipir brain images.
An autonomous vehicle is designed to be driven automatically without a crew controlling it. The autonomous vehicle can ease the people in driving. Thus, a control system is important to ensure the autonomous electric vehicle run properly. Various control systems can be implemented on the autonomous vehicle. However, the previous studies have shown that the inaccuracy and inconsistency may still occur. Thus, this study presents the combination of compass and fuzzy logic to control the position of the autonomous vehicle. The Sugeno fuzzy logic method is used to control the position of the movement of autonomous vehicle by considering several inputs, such as the direction to the destination, the position of the destination, and the distance to the intended target. Meanwhile, the rotational speed of the motor becomes the output. In this study, the autonomous vehicle was run in Universitas Sriwijaya located in two locations, namely at Palembang Campus, and Indralaya Campus. The results show that the autonomous vehicle was able to reach the destination position with the motor speed output on the autonomous electric vehicle which was read according to the fuzzy. This study shows that fuzzy rule for 5 memberships function has the lowest heading error of 6.8 degrees compared to 3 memberships function. Nevertheless, 3 memberships function has the shortest time to reach the destination. The results of this study indicate that the control system using the fuzzy logic method works well.
This work presents the results of integrating a Fuzzy Logic controller instead of a classic PI controller in an IFOC speed regulation scheme dedicated for a 3 phased asynchronous moto-pump type Ebara Pra-50. A comparative study between the two different techniques is presented where a simulations by simulating the developed model of the studied system under Matlab-Simulink environment. The obtained results shows the performance of the speed control system in different scenarios and the utility of the developed Fuzzy controller.
Lifetime enhancement has always been of crucial importance for energy constrained sensor network due to resource limitations of sensor nodes. In the recent past some researchers have suggested mobile sink method to enhance the lifetime of sensor network. Most of the energy is consumed in data transmission from sensor nodes to the base station. This is the main reason for energy dissipation in wireless sensor network. This energy dissipation can be minimized by using mobile base station. Motion of the base station can be effectively governed by fuzzy logic based method. In this paper lifetime of wireless sensor network has been analyzed in which base station is free to move over a square shaped path. Simulation results show that this scheme in which base station is moving over square shaped path gives better lifetime than other existing schemes.
A BLDC motor is an electronically commutated synchronous motor that uses a permanent magnet rotor and direct current (DC) electricity as its power source. The implementation of a conventional PID controller on the motor under dynamic load condition produces quite long steady-state response and poor performance. An improvement is proposed by combining the PID control method with fuzzy logic theory. This research was conducted through the simulation of the BLDC motor drive system implementing fuzzy-PID controller. Using the transfer function of the motor, the controller design process was performed by exploiting the Ist Ziegler-Nichols method. Some scenarios have been simulated by changing the speed and torque parameters. The evolution of the related values until nominal condition has been observed. The values of settling-time T s, maximum overshoot Mp, output torque, current, back EMF, and output power were recorded. A comparison has been made to the use of conventional PID controller. The results show that the fuzzy-PID method excels the conventional method in terms of recovery time.
This article is devoted to improving the efficiency of regulation of technological processes in the oil and gas industry. Systems of automation and regulation of the processes of transport and oil treatment with various types of logical regulators are considered. The analysis of existing approaches and concepts of control theory is carried out on the example of a field study of many real-life installations. The main advantages and disadvantages of existing systems, the ways of their modernization and improvement are highlighted. The paper considers a wide range of issues related to the efficiency of intelligent systems, their work in production facilities. According to the tests, the main advantages and disadvantages of existing systems with fuzzy process control systems were identified. A new approach is proposed to increase the efficiency of technological processes controlled by regulators based on the principles of fuzzy logic.
Wireless sensor network(WSN) is composed of a large number of sensor nodes that are connected to each other to perform specific tasks. These nodes have limited energy, processing power and memory. Since the network lifetime depends on the nodes On, the power supply component in the nodes is very important. Therefore we need to use strategies to reduce energy consumption in the nodes. Clustering is one of the strategies to reduce energy consumption. Many clustering algorithms have been introduced. LEACH algorithm is one of the famous of them. In this paper we proposed an efficient method for clustering using fuzzy logic with appropriate inputs and combine it with the good features of LEACH. These method is fully distributed. Therefore its speed is more and its energy consumption is less than centralized methods. Also our proposed method will resolve the weaknesses of LEACH and is more efficient than the existing methods.
The development of the current era, and the rapid development of technology and the need for a significant increase in demand, as well as pollution, the water sector, especially the river has experienced a decline in water quality even to the occurrence of pollution, resulting in water can no longer be consumed either by human body also for other needs. Some of the systems that were developed began to be able to process existing data, be it conditions from water, chemical observations or physically. This is done because water is a necessity that cannot be tolerated, so this research is done to help fulfill or even provide a calm warning of water quality. With the development of Intemet of Things (IoT) the monitoring system will develop, because with the existence of technology such as low-power wide-area network (LPWAN) as specific as possible, short data can be sent using lower power. In this research, it was proven that the author could make a monitoring system and classification of river water pollution. By using an artificial intelligence, using the fuzzy logic method. The results of system testing show that the average accuracy of the monitoring system results is 99.7% and the results of the appropriate classification values are based on the results of system testing.
Several methods exists to identify the nutrient content of the soil. The most popular method is by using Soil Test Kit (STK). STK gives soil qualitative level of macronutrients and pH. Chemicals that change color upon reaction with soil samples can determine macronutrients such as nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium. These chemicals are going to be processed based on the method given by the kit. With the use of different algorithms that is commonly used for classification, mostly, a vision system is required. In this study, the development of the vision system that will capture the image of the soil sample after conducting soil testing will be tackled together with the image processing and feature extraction. Using the extracted features as the input of the fuzzy logic gives accurate result in determining the nutrient level of the soil.
The need for constant electricity supply is at an alarming rate especially in the 21st century due to high rate of increase in industrialization across the global. Conventional protection schemes such as differential relays, Buchholz relay, over-fluxing and others techniques such as Genetic Algorithms, Artificial Neural Network, are not matching precision and reliability needed toward detection and analysing of faults in power system transformer due to complexity in computation, tedious training system, time consumption, need of human experts. The method proposed in this research is the use of fuzzy inference system in detecting of potential faults in power system transformers. The faults in the transformer were observed and analysed using simulation system of MATLAB / SIMULINK software, Two input variables (Error and Error-Dot) are used which both have a standard universal values ranging [-1.5 to 1.5 and -10 to 10] respectively. The paper concludes that when the crisp output values after defuzzification process are 6e-017, +5, and -5, it indicates that the current flow in the power transformer is Normal, High and Low respectively, and signals the protective relay to take immediate action.
Project estimation based on function point or use case point (UCP) methods provide only fixed complexity grades which can not deal with the uncertain and imprecise conditions. This study, therefore, provides a fuzzy size estimation procedure for goal-driven use case model based on UCP using fuzzy theory. We propose a metric to calculate the unadjusted use case points of goal-driven use cases based on the relations between each use cases and goals with the fuzzy membership functions and the fuzzy rules. Furthermore, the technical and environmental factors are considered to calculate the use case points which can be used to estimate the implementation time and effort of the system under development. The proposed approach is illustrated by a benchmark problem domain of a meeting scheduler systems.
Some Countries like Egypt and Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) are facing health care challenges during the development and improving of the health sector. Recent technologies such as Cloud Computing can play an important role and enable new types of healthcare systems including medical diagnostic service to patients. The main services models for cloud computing includes: software, platform and infrastructure (as a service), to satisfy the needs of different kinds of organizations. By using cloud computing concepts, we will open some important area that is likely to have positive implications for cloud-based health care applications. From cloud computing point of view, we introduce a proposed application as HeathCare-as-a-Service (HC-AAS) model. The identification of system inputs, outputs, and rules are controlled by fuzzy logic operations. In this paper we propose a fuzzy model that will be used for developing a cloud-based health application for medical diagnostic. In addition to maintain the health record of patients, the proposed model will also use the diseases and their symptoms. Our main goal is to introduce a novel approach to develop medical diagnostic model that can help to improve the quality of healthcare in Egypt and KSA.
In this paper, a Fuzzy Logic control (FLC) approach is proposed to track the maximum power in photovoltaic solar systems. In order to prove the performance of the proposed maximum power point tracking (MPPT) FLC algorithm, a comparative analysis is established with the conventional Perturb and Observe (P & O) control approach. The comparative study is carried out under variations in insolation and temperature. All obtained results prove the superiority of the FLC approach in terms of oscillation dynamics and response time of the system at starting and to track the maximum power point (MPP).
Transformer is one of the costliest apparatus in an electrical power supply network which play vital role in an electrical power system. It is expected that all transformers installed in a substation must function optimally under normal as well transient conditions. Their satisfactory performance of transformers can be ensured by making use of latest trends in condition based monitoring. This helps not only in providing interruption free electricity supply but also help in enhancing attain prolonged residual life and hence capital management of the utilities. Forecasting transformer costs by its manufacturer and industrial companies has always been an area of interest especially in modern era of technology advancements when newer and newer material are pouring into market for the use by manufacturers. The major amount of transformer costs are related to its raw materials, So, the cost estimation process of transformers are based on amount of used raw material. This paper presents a new method to estimate the weight of main materials for transformers by use of fuzzy logic technique. The required estimating data have been obtained from Transformer Company.
This paper deals with MRAS Speed sensorless Vector Control of Induction motor, where the adaptive mechanism include two parallel loops having Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Controller (T2FLC) and low-pass filter. The main advantage of this controller is the consideration of the uncertainties in the linguistic rules of the estimated models. The stability of the closed loop is guaranteed by the Lyapunov function, and the robustness face to parameter variation at low speed range is proven. The simulation results show the effectiveness of our new approach.
This paper presents an R package FuzzyR which is an extended fuzzy logic toolbox for the R programming language. FuzzyR is a continuation of the previous Fuzzy R toolboxes such as FuzzyToolkitUoN. Whilst keeping existing functionalities of the previous toolboxes, the main extension in the FuzzyR toolbox is the capability of optimising type-1 and interval type-2 fuzzy inference systems based on an extended ANFIS architecture. An accuracy function is also added to provide performance indicators featuring eight alternative accuracy measures, including a new measure UMBRAE. In addition, graphical user interfaces have been provided so that the properties of a fuzzy inference system can be visualised and manipulated, which is particularly useful for teaching and learning. Note that this paper illustrates some of the new features of the FuzzyR toolbox, but does not provide a complete list of all functions available. More details about the new features of FuzzyR and a complete description of all functions can be found in the manual of the toolbox.
In fuzzy logic we carefully design membership functions to obtain proper values that represent the degree of truthiness. In most of the cases, membership functions deal with the most important and common factors/parameters that affect the degree of truthiness and at the same time, might ignore some factors that could decrease the degree of truthiness and increase the degree of doubt. Ignoring the doubts yields to not accurately get the degree of truthiness values. In this paper we explain what we mean by doubts and how it might affect the calculation of the degree of truthiness and finally we propose an approach to consider the degree of doubts and how it is incorporated in membership functions.
Continuous sensing of health metrics might generate a massive amount of data. Generating clinically validated recommendations, out of these data, to patients under monitoring is of prime importance to protect them from risk of falling into severe health degradation. Physicians also can be supported with automated recommendations that gain from historical data and increasing learning cycles. In this paper, we propose a Fuzzy Expert System that relies on data collected from continuous monitoring. The monitoring scheme implements preprocessing of data for better data analytics. However, data analytics implements the loopback feature in order to constantly improve fuzzy rules, knowledge base, and generated recommendations. Both techniques reduced data quantity, improved data quality and proposed recommendations. We evaluate our solution through a series of experiments and the results we have obtained proved that our fuzzy expert system combined with the intelligent monitoring and analytic techniques provide a high accuracy of collected data and valid advices.
The classification problem in the real-world applications always involves uncertainties in both stochastic and fuzzy nature. This paper proposes a classification framework based on the unified probabilistic fuzzy configuration for data with uncertainties in both stochastic and fuzzy nature. The design and tuning procedures are also developed in terms of probability-based performance measure for working in the complex environment. A theoretical analysis is conducted to derive its quantificational model and disclose the interesting features. In addition to a superior performance than the traditional fuzzy method, the proposed method generates probabilistic fuzzy rules that can help users to better understand how the classifier works. This explainable characteristic is crucial for the decision making. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed classifier will be demonstrated on its application to the Pima Indians Diabetes data and low back pain diagnosis. The satisfactory classification and the explainable characteristic disclose its potential in classification of data with uncertainties.
Shiphandling is deemed as a factor of safety operation of ferry which consists of several variables such as ship condition, shiphandling facility condition, navigation condition and weather condition. The presence of expert knowledge on the complexity of shiphandling difficulty could be utilised through fuzzy rule base and further it could be treated by fuzzy logic system. As the result, the shiphandling difficulty level in linguistic form could be determined and it could be used to form safety criteria of ferry operation in certain area, in this case through development of shiphandling difficulty model for ferry (SMDF). The improvement of SMDF as well as the simulation of model is conducted. As the result, SMDF could be used for assessing safety level of ferry operation through shiphandling aspect and further it could be used to develop standard criteria for ferry operation by regulator.
This paper presents a robust & astute voltage control avenue for micro grid system operating in autonomous mode. The proposed Adaptive Fuzzy Logic Controller contains two Mamdani based FLC which features in self adjustment of scaling factors, Membership Functions & control gains during uncertainties regardless of any change in the operating conditions. A Hysteresis Band Current Controller (HBCC) has been used which helps in generating the gate pulses for the Voltage Source Converters (VSCs) and also helps in controlling the current instantaneously. The HBCC used in this system limits the device current & gives a faster response irrespective of the controllers & the control outputs used. The proposed controller shows exceptional results as compared to the traditional PI controller. Irrespective of load variation, voltage variation & load unbalance the proposed technique holds good. The transient response time is exclusively reduced, power oscillations are wiped out and faster concurrence is obtained. The uncomplicated design & upgraded dynamic behavior of the A-FLC makes it assuring contestant for Voltage control in autonomous micro grid. Apart from all these disturbances the system was modeled, validated and simulated under the simulation studies in MATLAB environment.
Auto off switch iron is a product that acts like a circuit breaker to interrupt the flow of the electricity from the socket to the iron. Mostly the iron system in the current market still uses the classic switching system which means the output is just produced on and off to control the temperature of iron without permanently cut the current through to iron. Besides, decision making from the latest project only cuts the current if there is no motion and current in low without setting any range to switch the timer to off the iron system. The goal of this product is to develop the fuzzy logic controller (FLC) in the auto off switching iron. Rules of the fuzzy logic enable to control of the complex system to be more effectively compared classical method which operates on discrete value only. The design of the fuzzy logic controller (FLC) will implement in Arduino Nano to control the auto off switch iron. This study uses the current sensor and ultrasonic sensor as the input that will send the signal to the Arduino nano as the controller to set the output. The process of this entire product is to collect the signal from the input which is the sensor, analyze the input in fuzzy controller and obtain the right time to auto off the switch iron. All the rules of membership function will set in Mamdani Fuzzy Inference System in MATLAB software. This project can avoid human interruption to decide the output and make the controller more intelligent to represent the decision.
Complex problems in various disciplines like biology, medicine, humanities, management studies and so on gives various research dimensions in soft computing. Risk classification is one of the thrust area in the field of medicine. This research work aims in risk classification of coronary artery heart disease in female diabetic patients using fuzzy logic. Fuzzy logic which is a component of soft computing is used for classification. Female patients those are having diabetes mellitus (DM) have a high occurrence of coronary artery heart disease (CAHD), since diabetes is implicated in the formation of atherosclerotic plaque. The input parameters are plasma glucose concentration, diastolic blood pressure, body mass index and age are taken as input parameters for designing Mamdani type fuzzy inference system. 25 numbers of rules are given for the risk prediction. The risk of CAHD is predicted as low, intermediate and high. The implementation is carried out through MATLAB 2012a. The PIMA women diabetes dataset is taken for simulation. The performance of the proposed risk classifier is measured in terms of classification accuracy, sensitivity and specificity. Also the outputs are demonstrated by rule viewer and surface viewer.
In this paper an analysis and real time implementation of unity power factor correction converter (PFC) based on fuzzy logic controller is studied. A single-phase AC-DC boost converter is realized to replace the conventional diode bridge rectifier. Fuzzy logic and hysteresis control techniques is implemented to improve the performance of the boost converter. The fuzzy controller is applied to DC voltage loop circuit to get better performance. The current loop is being controlled by using a PI, and hysteresis controllers. The robustness of the controller is verified via MATLAB/Simulink, the results show that the fuzzy controller gives well controller. An experiment test is implemented via a test bench based on dSPACE 1103. The experimental results show that the proposed controller enhanced the performance of the converter under different parameters variations.
GPS, as a widely used positioning tool, covers more aspects of people's daily life and people have been interested in the study of GPS signal acquisition algorithm for a long time. In this paper, a widely used signal acquisition algorithm with superior performance, PMF-FFT algorithm, is optimized. A fast GPS signal acquisition method based on fuzzy logic is proposed to solve the problem of signal acquisition failure caused by weak signal being ignored as noise under low SNR condition. Simulation results prove that the algorithm proposed in this paper can effectively capture signals and performs well under weak signals.
The wind power plant installation process is an important issue for specialists and this study has been planned due to the fact that there hasn't been any generally accepted scale in this area until today and that limited information has been reached on the use of fuzzy logic method for wind power plant installation. Fuzzy inference is the mapping of the relationship between input and output by using fuzzy logic. In this study, Mamdani and Sugeno type fuzzy inference systems (FIS) have been developed for the wind power plant installation model, and the results of these two FIS have been compared and it has been determined which the better choice is. At the same time, this study summarizes the main difference between Mamdani and Sugeno type FIS.
This paper describes an approach using Firefly Algorithm, Particle Swarm Optimization and Genetic Algorithm to optimize the parameters of Takagi-Sugeno-Kang (TSK) fuzzy logic system (both type-1 and type-2) in order to find the optimal fuzzy logic system for sea water level prediction. The obtained results of the simulations performed are compared among these optimization algorithms in order to find which one is the best optimization algorithm for sea water level prediction.
In the present study we intend to develop gait models through the Scale-Invariant Feature Transform algorithm (SIFT) so as to get the dynamic behavior of the gait and using it as a robust descriptor towards the scale variation and the rotation of the image. This descriptor is used by the type-2 fuzzy logic in order to classify the normal and abnormal gaits. The validation of the models was carried out via our data base the USF dataset. The outcomes of this work are more accurate in comparison with other methods.
Zadeh, mamdani and TSK are proposed different fuzzy conditional inferences for “if ... then ...” to approximate with incomplete information. The Zadeh and mamdani fuzzy conditional inferences are require prior information for consequent part. The TSK fuzzy conditional inference need not know prior information for consequent part but it is difficult to compute. In this paper, new methods are proposed for “if ... then ...” when prior information is not known to consequent part with single fuzzy membership function and two fuzzy membership functions. The two fold fuzzy set made single fuzzy membership function as Fuzzy Certainty Factor(FCF). Sensors are discussed as application for proposed fuzzy conditional inference. Fuzzy inference system (FIS) is discussed for WSN to detect Costal erosion and Turbo Charger Fuzzy Control System as an examples.
This paper deals with an automation platform to perform R&D tasks on the field of management and control over stand-alone hybrid renewable energy systems. A laboratory scale wind-photovoltaic-hydrogen prototype acts as test-bed to evaluate different control techniques. A successful application of fuzzy logic is reported. Exergy analysis is carried out to determine the efficiency of the main components from experimental results.
In the recent years, the usage of cooling devices has increased enormously because of which air-conditioning frameworks are transforming into a crucial bit of our regular day to day existence. Air-conditioning systems are utilized for domestic as well as industrial purposes. In any case, it's inefficient utilization prompts to needless power consumption. So, we have come up with a design for a smart air-conditioning system which can screen the encompassing air and alter the temperature consistent to the the user using the technique of fuzzy logic. It additionally gives a customized mode which catches every client's solace temperature and shifts automatically as the individual enters the doorway. This is accomplished by image processing and neural networks. The neural networks take in as it peruses from client's information frequently and distinguishes a specific pattern, it finds regularities in the arrangements of examples and perceives the right temperature for the ideal individual.
In real life, most of information is presented with words. Also, classification is an important issue to make decisions in daily life. Fuzzy logic gives flexibility to handle the imprecise information for computing with words. And, linguistic variables can be defined by using triangular fuzzy numbers given as L-R fuzzy numbers. This study aims to provide a classification approach by using fuzzy ID3 algorithm for linguistic data. In this study, Weighted Averaging Based on Levels (WABL) method, fuzzy c-means, and fuzzy ID3 algorithm are combined. WABL method is used to obtain crisp data set. Then, fuzzy c-means (FCM) algorithm is performed to introduce the shape of the linguistic terms limits and to obtain each membership degree of each linguistic term defined for fuzzy variables in data sets. At last, Fuzzy ID3 algorithm is applied. The rules are generated and the reasoning is done by using Zadeh T-norm/conorm operators. Experimental study is performed on six well-known data sets (Iris, Wdcb, Phoneme, Ring, Sonar, and Pima). As a conclusion, we proposed a fuzzy decision tree classification methodology for linguistic datasets.
With the increasing number of online programming systems, how to efficiently and accurately assess the difficulty of programming questions is a classic problem in the field of computer education. Therefore, we propose a question difficulty priori evaluation method based on fuzzy logic in this paper. The proposed method considers the lines of code, variables and knowledge points in the answer of question, and uses fuzzy membership functions and fuzzy rules to evaluate the difficulty of questions. It solves the problems of subjective experience and low flexibility of traditional question difficulty evaluation methods. The experimental results show that the proposed method is effective and can obtain more accurate programming question difficulty.
The equalization system is a key technology in the large-capacity energy storage management system. The existing active equalization and passive equalization can only control the capacity and voltage deviation inside the module (cluster). Although the balance of the SOC in the cluster is realized by the transfer or consumption of the energy in the batteries, the system topology of the large-capacity energy storage is complex and the number of batteries is large. For the entire energy storage system, the overall SOC balance must be considered especially when the system power output demand is close to or exceeds the rated power of the system. The short board cluster will limit the output power capabilities of the overall system. Aiming at the SOC balance of large-capacity energy storage system, this paper allocates the power command sent by the energy storage controller to the energy storage system according to the SOC weighted control algorithm of the fuzzy logic control theory. Through the power control of the bidirectional DC/DC converter, the battery pack whose cluster SOC value is higher than the average value discharge more power in the discharge phase, and the battery pack with SOC value lower than the average value absorbs more energy in the charging stage, resulting the capacity consistency of the battery clusters. Also, the specific implementation steps achieving the SOC weighed control based on Fuzzy logic theory has been illustrated in detail.
Autonomous mobile robots are used in several application areas including manufacturing, mining, military, and transportation, search and protect missions, etc. For the navigation system it is necessary to locate the position of the mobile robot in surrounding environment. For avoiding obstacles efficiently and to reach the target under many different shapes of obstacle in environment, a fuzzy logic controller has been designed to improve the movement of mobile robot according to obstacles positions by defining or establishing input variables, output variables, fuzzy logic membership functions, fuzzy logic rule base `If-Then' fuzzy inference system rules and defuzzification method. Then it has to plan a path towards desired goal. The navigation system of a mobile robot has to identify all potential obstacles in order to search for a collision free path. Obstacles avoidance and destination point can be achieved by changing the direction angle of the mobile robot. To make the mobile robot move in its environment, the basic path planning strategies have been used. While the mobile robot is navigating in its workspace environment, it avoids obstacles and look for the target. In this paper the simulation of path planning technique for an autonomous mobile robot is presented. The figure shows simulation of the mobile robot with four obstacles.
Handoff decision is key to service continuity when a user roams about. We propose a Kalman filtering and fuzzy logic approach to reducing handoff initiations, so as to support seamless communication. Kalman filtering is used as a channel equalization technique in channel propagation model, while a Mamdani fuzzy logic is applied subsequently for handoff decision. Several metrics such as received signal strength (RSS), data rate, velocity of mobile terminal, and traffic load are considered as criteria to initiate handoff from WLAN to the cellular network. Simulation results show that the proposed method reduces handoff initiations effectively.
Voltage sag is the most frequent power quality disturbance and it must be mitigated to protect sensitive electronic devices such as adjustable speed drives and programmable logic controllers. Dynamic voltage restorer (DVR) is introduced as an effective solution to mitigate voltage sag appeared on distribution lines. This paper considers the operation of a dynamic voltage restorer for voltage sag mitigation. This paper proposes a control system using the combination of enhanced phase lock loop (EPLL) and fuzzy logic (FL). The simulation results using EMTDC/PSCAD software show the reliability and speed of the proposed system in terms of voltage sag detection and synchronization time during different types of voltage sags.
The recent years have witnessed a rapid rise in the use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) systems, in particular Machine Learning (ML) models. The vast majority of AI systems employ black box models that lack transparency in operation and decision making. This lack of transparency curtails the use of these AI systems in regulated applications (such as medical, financial applications, etc.) where it is important to understand the reasoning behind the predictions of the AI system. In these situations, interpretable models need to be used. However, interpretable models can turn into black-box models for high dimensional inputs. There are a variety of approaches that have been proposed to solve this problem. In this paper, we present a novel hybrid deep learning type-2 fuzzy logic system for explainable AI which addresses these challenges to provide a highly interpretable model that has reasonable performance when compared to the other black box models.
This study aims to evaluate the implementation of artificial intelligence, specifically fuzzy logic, in the flow control system of a mechanical pulmonary ventilator. The research focuses on comparing the performance of the fuzzy logic control system with the conventional PED control system. A test bench was constructed to test and analyze the control algorithms on an electro-pneumatic ventilator, with the PID control algorithm initially applied and the parameters of a test lung adjusted under various conditions. The results demonstrated that the PID controller algorithm is effective and precise within the target flow range set by the user. However, it is anticipated that the fuzzy logic algorithm will significantly enhance these results due to its sensitivity to small changes, reliability, and improved accuracy. This research contributes to the understanding and improvement of flow control systems in electro-pneumatic lung ventilators, paving the way for enhanced patient care and treatment outcomes.
This paper examines the performance of a fuzzy logic controller (FLC) as implemented on a pneumatic robot for application to the polishing of sheet steel. A 3-axis gantry robot with rodless pneumatic cylinders for actuation and proportional flow control valves was modified to enable experiments on the polishing of steel sheet. An air motor with a buffing wheel was mounted on the Z-axis to provide the polishing action, with the Z-axis cylinder controlling the applied buffing force. Based upon past experience, the FLC for X and Y-axis trajectory control. was supplemented by both system time lag and friction compensators with velocity feedback. In this application, performance is measured by the controller's ability to track a two dimensional shape as well as its ability to minimize the absolute tracking error. Details of the FLC controller including the nature of the membership functions and the rule base are given. Experimental results show that: a) FLC tracks better than a traditional proportional-velocity-differential pressure (PVdP) controller, b) lag and friction compensators are effective and c) the zig-zag trajectory needed for polishing is possible. Future work includes confirming that FLC is more robust than PVdP, in that it should be able to maintain tracking performance as the polishing wheel is applied to the sheet steel, which will generate a variable load.
This paper explores about the use of enablers, criteria and attributes as a conceptual model to assess the leanness level of the banking organization. The twofold objectives are set to be achieved through this paper. First is to find the leanness level of a banking organization for which a cooperative bank has been selected as the case company. Second is to find the critical obstacles for the lean implementation. The fuzzy logic computation method is used to extract the perceptions about the particular variables by using linguistic values and then match it with fuzzy numbers to compute the precise value of the leanness level of the organization. This is a first attempt to evaluate the leanness level of the cooperative bank and this study will partially fulfill the gap in literature review, also the opportunities for the further research is indicated. Based on the results obtained from this analysis, it was found that the case study bank has performed in the fairly lean range and the weaker areas have been identified to improve the performance further.
The article presents the application of Mamdani Fuzzy Logic Inference System to optimize the operation of a Computerized Numerical Control (CNC) machine for given dynamic parameters. These parameters are maximum speed, acceleration and JERK. The JERK parameter determines the rate of change of acceleration. The parameters are defined for each working axis of the machine. In order to check the correctness of the solution proposed in the paper, the learning and testing process was conducted on specially designed database including different trajectories generated for machining with different machine dynamics parameters. The approach presented in the paper using elements of fuzzy logic to optimize the operation of the CNC machine proved to be very good. The authors, in cooperation with industry, will develop the aforementioned solution leading to implementations and further scientific publications.
This paper presents an edge-detection method that is based on the morphological gradient technique and generalized type-2 fuzzy logic. The theory of alpha planes is used to implement generalized type-2 fuzzy logic for edge detection. For the defuzzification process, the heights and approximation methods are used. Simulation results with a type-1 fuzzy inference system, an interval type-2 fuzzy inference system, and with a generalized type-2 fuzzy inference system for edge detection are presented. The proposed generalized type-2 fuzzy edge-detection method was tested with benchmark images and synthetic images. We used the merit of Pratt measure to illustrate the advantages of using generalized type-2 fuzzy logic.
Many of us are familiar with the IPL auction format, in which clubs bid on players and the highest bidder takes home the player. These teams select their players using a variety of criteria, including their strike rate, their batting average, and so on. They then select the players they want to target and develop methods for them after going over all of the data and hours of footage to determine who they want to go after. We have come up with the idea of developing a system that makes use of fuzzy logic and provides teams with a list of the five best players for each position based on their needs. This would eliminate the need for teams to manually verify data and videos. This frees them up to concentrate on putting together the best team possible for themselves and strategizing the best way to spend their money on player acquisitions.
In the industrial sector especially in the field of electric drives & control, induction motors play a vital role. Without proper controlling of the speed, it is virtually impossible to achieve the desired task for a specific application. Basically AC motors, such as Induction Motors are of Squirrel-Cage type. They are simple, reliable, low cost and virtually maintenance-free electrical drives. Based on the inability of conventional control methods like PI, PID controllers to work under wide range of operation, artificial intelligent based controllers are widely used in the industry like ANN, Fuzzy controller, ANFIS, expert system, genetic algorithm. The main problem with the conventional fuzzy controllers is that the parameters associated with the membership functions and the rules depend broadly on the intuition of the experts. To overcome this problem, Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy controller is proposed in this paper. The comparison between Conventional PI, Fuzzy Controller and Adaptive neuro fuzzy controller based dynamic performance of induction motor drive has been presented. Adaptive Neuro Fuzzy based control of induction motor will prove to be more reliable than other control methods.
A distributed algorithm to manage explosion of localized marine mines with aim of creating specified destruction on mobile targets by explosion of minimum required mines is presented in this article. At first, the problem of selecting a minimum number of marine mines is mapped to a dual predictor leaky bucket-tub problem with considering speed of targets. Then, a greedy algorithm based on adaptive fuzzy logic is presented for selecting minimum number of mines to ensure creation of specified damage on targets. The proposed algorithm is simulated in MATLAB software and the results of analysis and their comparisons are presented for proposed algorithms.
A wind turbine is a device that converts kinetic energy from the wind into electrical energy. The main purpose of this study is to design, construct and test a wind turbine with fuzzy logic controller to manipulate the pitch angle of the blades of the wind turbine. The fuzzy logic controller serves as the main control for the pitch angle control of the wind turbine. It is programmed in such a way that the pitch angle of the blade is dependent to the wind speed and error voltage produced by the wind turbine with respect to the ideal target voltage. The parameters set in the program are based on a desired range of the output voltage of the wind turbine for a battery load and typical wind speed of the chosen location where the prototype will be tested. For the testing of the wind turbine, uncontrolled and controlled environments are considered. The parameters gathered for data are wind speed, voltage, current, computed power and value of the angle of the blades. The best trial with fuzzy logic controller and the best trial without fuzzy logic controller are compared to see the relevance of designing a wind turbine with pitch angle control. Through the outdoor testing with fuzzy logic controller OFF, it was found out that the best case happened when the blades are inclined in 45 degrees because it has the highest average power generated having a value of 86.98 mW compared to the 60, 75 and 90 degrees blade inclination having an average power generated of 78.98 mW, 62.42 mW and 17.88 mW.
Fuzzy logic can solve complex control problems. This paper describes an approach to implementing a fuzzy logic compensator on a DSP-based servo motor control development system. The system contains a real motor that is controlled by the programmable DSP. An on-chip debugger and servo motor program allowed both simple code modification and interactive control of the motor. Original PID algorithm was contrasted with fuzzy logic algorithm, so the character of fuzzy logic is distinct. This implementation indicates the validity of real-time fuzzy logic-based servo motor control.
The development of Fuzzy Logic has had a profound impact on the field of computing. A crucial part of any decision-making process is the use of this mathematical method for dealing with uncertainty and imprecision. In this article, it will go over what Fuzzy Logic is, how it may be used in computing, and what recent developments have been achieved in the field. The strengths and weaknesses of using Fuzzy Logic in IT are also discussed. The introduction of Fuzzy Logic into the realm of computer science was a game-changer, since it provided a robust mathematical strategy for addressing uncertainty and imprecision in decision-making. This article introduces readers to Fuzzy Logic by discussing its background, basic ideas, and potential uses in the field of information technology. Artificial intelligence, control systems, decision-making, data analysis, and image processing are just some of the many areas where Fuzzy Logic has been put to use. In addition, this article discusses contemporary developments in Fuzzy Logic, such as those in machine learning, control systems, and robotics. Although this study extols Fuzzy Logic's numerous benefits, it also addresses the method's drawbacks. Workers in the IT industry would do well to familiarize themselves with the merits and drawbacks of Fuzzy Logic, as this knowledge may inform the development of superior products. This study's overarching goal is to introduce readers to Fuzzy Logic in the context of computer technology, including its advantages and disadvantages. Fuzzy logic has been more useful in many areas of computer science and technology. Used in areas such as control systems, image processing, robotics, and decision making, fuzzy logic allows for the processing of imprecise or uncertain input. This study gives a thorough introduction to fuzzy logic in computer technology, including its history, current developments, and potential future uses. The first section of the study provides a foundational understanding of fu... (Show More)
This paper presents a new structure for a phase locked loop (PLL) that operates based on a fuzzy logic controller. One commonly known fact is that phase jump may deteriorate phase locked loop performance. Accordingly, this paper specifically focuses on designing a fuzzy phase-locked loop (PLL) to track phase jumps in the least possible time. The fuzzy PLL attempts to track phase angle through outputs of the fuzzy logic controller, including angular frequency and phase angle compensation factors. To achieve the best possible performance, an adaptive fuzzy particle swarm optimization (AFPSO) algorithm is considered to optimize parameters of the fuzzy system. Two main advantages of this proposed structure is a) the very fast tracking of phase jumps and b) the ability to integrate the fuzzy PLL into other types of PLLs.
The power management strategy in an MVDC based power system of all electric ship (AES) with Hybrid Energy Storage System (HESS) can greatly affect the energy efficiency of the system. Based on the analysis of power flow, the load characteristics, the power management objectives, constraints and the ease of implementation in MVDC power system, the battery and the super capacitor are considered as the viable storage devices. The dual active bridge (DAB) converter is used to connect HESS with MVDC bus. A fuzzy logic based supervision and control strategy is designed to control the power flow between the energy storage device and MVDC system. The fuzzy logic supervisor can produce the demanded reference power of HESS to meet the load power requirement. The instantaneous reference power is used to control the charging and discharging of HESS. The MVDC power system, the load and DAB converters have been built using Matlab/simulink. The simulation results show that the fuzzy logic supervision and control strategy are capable of managing the power of an MVDC system with HESS.
Various faults can occur on the transformer which may result in disconnection of a large portion of the power system. The faults on the transformers are deemed to be very hazardous considering the high primary and secondary current levels. Many methods have been devised to successfully detect the fault on transformer. This paper, however, presents a method based on fuzzy logic. The primary and secondary currents of the transformer form the basic parameters of this method. The fuzzy system so formed for the purpose of protection of transformer uses the principle of differential protection of the transformer. The presented method has been successfully verified in MATLAB software and on hardware setup as well. The hardware setup uses a dsPIC33E series microcontroller for applying the fuzzy logic for differentiation between normal condition and fault condition.
The paper presents the concepts of solar tracking controllers for photovoltaic panels based on the fuzzy control law. The controller uses a microcontroller and algorithm based on fuzzy logic. In this study, a triangle type is seen to be appropriate as a membership function, so that the microcontroller can solve problems faster. The fuzzy logic controller uses a MISO fuzzy system with two inputs of the ADC signal from the light sensor and one output of the PWM duty cycle rate. Membership functions and fuzzy control systems are created via a MATLAB program, thereby checking the correctness of fuzzy logic controllers.
Now a day, the various controllers are used to control active and reactive power of system. The different controllers are used in different locations according to the requirement of system. But the controller based on fuzzy logic provides the better result in contrast with other controllers. In this paper, we have a propensity to elaborate a representation of wind energy conversion system (WECS) construction based on induction generator (IG). Our study is based on a wind conversion system so as to provide optimum power and to extract the supreme wind power from WECS. The aim of our study is to deal with generation of power by WECS and its transmission to grid. We recommend a new control approach based on fuzzy logic controller in order to control generation of power by the WECS. The main drawback of WECS is that it is extremely nonlinear, and therefore a nonlinear control approach is needed. An adaptative fuzzy power controller is projected to rise above this drawback.
The Industrial Sector is one of the sectors that play an important role in national development. The development of regional industrial competitiveness cannot be separated from the regional development framework. Thus, the purpose of determining the region's superior products in this case in the form of enhancement of regional competitiveness in line with the purpose of development of the region itself, namely the improvement of community welfare. To build the competitiveness of regions is required determination of superior products for the area. It is necessary that all resources and capabilities possessed by the region can focus on efforts to create industrial competitiveness. Sula Island District has considerable natural resources. But until now cannot be managed optimally because in addition to technology that has not been supported, also supporting economic facilities is not adequate. To develop industrial competitiveness in the district of the Sula Islands, assessment should be made and determining the criteria. Assessment is done by using data analysis, interview, questioner, and LQ calculation. Determination of superior product area using Fuzzy Logic method approach with MATLAB 7.8.0 software. By using Fuzzy Logic Method approach, the main product of selected area is processed product of Coconut (Copra), with Fuzzy value 3, 77 (Likert scale 1-5).
Elastic optical networks based on the optical orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing technology have been studied as promising next-generation optical backbone networks with large transport capacity and bandwidth flexibility. A main challenge in the EONs is to reduce spectrum fragmentation that decrease the network performance due to dynamic setting up and tearing down of non-uniform bandwidth requests. It is quite complex problem to solve the spectrum fragmentation. Fuzzy logic system that resembles human inference has been used for decision making for complex problem. In this paper, we propose the dynamic spectrum assignment (SA) algorithm for minimizing the fragmentation based on the fuzzy logic in EONs. To design fuzzy logic control system for the SA algorithm, we define spectrum fragmentation ratio(SFR) and time fragmentation ratio(TFR) for input membership. We also define the weight values of available spectrum blocks as output membership. The spectrum block with the minimum crisp value is selected for the spectrum assignment of connection request. The performance of the proposed algorithm is evaluated in terms of the average bandwidth blocking probability and the spectrum utilization.
This paper introduces a novel pooling method namely fuzzy based pooling for image classification. Herein, a pooling method for bolstering the performance of conventional convolutional neural network (CNN) has been proposed. Conventional architecture of CNN uses pooling operation for dimension reduction which sometimes results in the loss of information. In this paper, a novel pooling method using fuzzy logic is introduced for dimension reduction. The proposed pooling method reduces the spatial size of convolved features in two steps. In the first step, the convolved features within a window to be pooled are processed using type-2 fuzzy logic for identifying the dominant features. Then, type-1 fuzzy logic with a weighted average of the dominant features within a window is used to reduce the spatial size. The proposed method is bench marked against conventional pooling techniques for MNIST dataset of handwritten digits recognition and CIFAR-10 dataset of RGB images. The accuracy shows that the proposed fuzzy based pooling performs better than the standard pooling techniques such as max and average pooling which helps to improve the performance of CNN.
In this modern times, robot technology is rapidly having a great progress day by day, especially in robot wall tracer. Robot wall tracer was very useful to lighten human jobs in industry, manufacturing, and infrastructure. Some problems that arises in building the wall tracer robot is how to make a navigation system on the robot so that it always remains in the set point position. Previous study has been done to solve this problem using various methods and approaches such as implemented some intelligence program that used to navigate the robot wall tracer. In this study, we try to design and build a robot wall tracer using an Arduino MEGA microcontroller as the brain for control robot and the HC-SR04 ultrasonic sensor based on fuzzy logic to control the position and DC motor speed. In this study, testing was carried out in terms of hardware and software, as well as overall system testing. Based on hardware testing obtained PWM left motor 110 and PWM right motor 107. Meanwhile, for software testing, it is found that the fuzzy logic has been successfully implemented in the robot. The results of the calculation of fuzzy logic on the robot are compared with the calculation of simulation results and manual calculations. In addition, a performance comparison test of the robot system was conducted, and it was found that robots equipped with fuzzy logic were 2.3 seconds faster than robots without fuzzy logic.
This research aims to determine the symptoms of being infected with Covid-19 using a fuzzy logic approach. Detection of Covid-19 is an important step in early identification of suspected Covid-19 patients so that further steps can be taken. Fuzzy logic is an appropriate way to map an input space into an output space. For very complex systems, the use of fuzzy logic is one solution. Research results can help the community to carry out self-diagnosis, and paramedics to carry out initial diagnoses to patients, so that it can make it easier for all parties to deal with Covid-19. From the test result with 176 individuals obtained an accuracy value of 93.7%.
This paper studies the problem of stabilization for an interval type-2 Takagi-Sugeno-Kang fuzzy logic control system (IT2 TSK FLCS) with time varying delay. A type-1 fuzzy system (T1 FS) is used for modeling the plant, then an interval type-2 fuzzy system (IT2 FS) is used for constructing the controller which has been realized better abilities to handle uncertainties than its T1 counterpart. A less-redundant Lyapunov-Krasovskii function and a useful linear matrix inequality (LMI) are constructed, which make the closed-loop system stabilization analysed in a mathematical way. It provides a novel way to deal with the stabilization problem of IT2 TSK FLCS with time varying delay.
Dissolved gas analysis (DGA) of transformer oil is one of the most effective power transformer condition monitoring tools. There are many interpretation techniques for DGA results. However, all of these techniques rely on personnel experience more than standard mathematical formulation. As a result, various DGA interpretation techniques do not necessarily lead to the same conclusion for the same oil sample. DGA interpretation is yet a challenge in the power transformer condition monitoring research area. To alleviate this issue, this paper introduces a fuzzy logic approach to help in standardizing DGA results quantification and classification using various interpretation techniques such as key gas, Rogers ratio, IEC ratio, Doernenburg and Duval triangle methods. In this context, DGA results for 2000 oil samples have been collected from different transformers of different ratings, life span and operating conditions. Traditional DGA interpretation techniques are used to analyze the results which are then compared with the results of the fuzzy logic models. Results show that the fuzzy logic models enhance the consistency among all current interpretation techniques and can eliminate the need for expert personal to interpret DGA results.
Switched mode power electronic converters have variety of applications in industry, research, traction including electric vehicles due to their superior characteristics compared to linear power supplies. The paper aims at comparative performance analysis of conventional PID controller and Fuzzy Logic Controller for a prototype 50 Volt DC, 20 Amp switched mode power electronic converter application. Many electronic devices/equipment's require various DC voltage levels than that supplied by the battery. Switched mode converters needs to regulate its output voltage to lower voltage and must quickly respond to fast load and line variations/transients to keep the output voltage within a limited range without any undesired overshoot or undershoot. The design of high performance linear proportional integral controller for switched mode converter presents series of challenges due to non linear nature of the plant process. Fuzzy logic controller is mostly used in variety of industrial applications including use in domestic appliances and main tool of operation of fuzzy logic controller is membership function. It doesn't require any mathematical model for the plant process. In this paper linear proportional integral controller and non linear fuzzy logic controller have been proposed incorporating with switched mode converter. Both the controller design configurations have been simulated using software simulation tool. The simulation results shows the fuzzy logic controller has improved steady state as well as transient performance compared to conventional proportional integral controller under various simulated scenarios. The circuit simulation results have been presented in the paper including discussions on performance parameters of controller.
This paper aims to investigate a gait pattern classification system for anterior cruciate ligament reconstructed (ACL-R) subjects based on the interval type-2 fuzzy logic (FL). The proposed system intends to model the uncertainties present in kinematics and electromyography (EMG) data used for gait analysis due to intra- and inter-subject stride-to-stride variability and nature of signals. Four features were selected from kinematics and EMG data recorded through wearable wireless sensors. The parameters for the membership functions of these input features were determined using the data recorded for 12 healthy and ACL-R subjects. The parameters for output membership functions and rules were chosen based on the recommendations from physiotherapists and physiatrists. The system was trained by using steepest descent method and tested for singleton and non-singleton inputs. The overall classification accuracy results show that the interval type-2 FL system outperforms the type-1 FL system in recognizing the gait patterns of healthy and ACL-R subjects.
This paper presents a computational approach to detect spontaneous, chin tension and limb movement-related arousals by estimating neuronal and muscular activity. Features extraction is carried out by Time Varying Autoregressive Moving Average (TVARMA) models and recursive particle filtering. Classification is performed by a fuzzy inference system with rule-based decision scheme based upon the AASM scoring rules. Our approach yielded two metrics: arousal density and arousal index to comply with standardised clinical benchmarking. The obtained statistics achieved error deviation around −1∶5 to −30. These results showed that our system can differentiate amongst 3 different types of arousals, subject to inter-subject variability and up-to-date scoring references.
The article substantiates the relevance of the application of fuzzy-multiple approach to the evaluation of business processes of an enterprise. Currently, there is no unambiguity in determining the system of indicators to evaluate the business processes of the enterprise. The analysis of existing classifications of performance indicators of business processes has allowed to allocate two directions of their formation. The first direction is the allocation of groups of indicators in accordance with the characteristics of the process. The second direction is associated with the definition of groups of indicators to assess various elements of business process. In our opinion, such a system of indicators should include both quantitative and qualitative parameters. In recent years, more and more domestic enterprises in order to increase their competitiveness are trying to organize their activities on the basis of modern scientific research. Thus, one of the promising areas of scientific research in the field of analysis, forecasting and modeling of enterprise processes is fuzzy logic. The use of fuzzy logic in assessing the activities of an enterprise can improve the validity of management decisions.
Currently, air pollution is still a problem that requires special attention, especially in big cities. Air pollution can come from motor vehicle fumes, factory smoke or other particles. To overcome these problems, a system is made that can monitor environmental conditions in order to know the good and bad of air quality in an environment and is expected to be a solution to reduce air pollution that occurs. The system created will utilize the Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) combined with Waspmote Smart Environment PRO, so that later data will be obtained in the form of temperature, humidity, CO levels and CO2 levels. From the sensor data that has been processed on Waspmote, it will then be used as input for data processing using a fuzzy algorithm. The classification obtained from sensor data processing using fuzzy to monitor environmental conditions there are 5 classifications, namely Very Good, Good, Average, Bad and Dangerous. Later the data that has been collected will be distributed to Meshlium as a gateway and will be stored in the database. The process of sending information between one party to another needs to pay attention to the confidentiality of data and information. The final result of the implementation of this research is that the system is able to classify values using fuzzy algorithms and is able to secure text data that will be sent to the database via Meshlium, and is able to display data sent to the website in real time.
The concept behind the next generation wireless networks is the coexistence of different radio access networks aimed for integration of different set of technologies. In turn these networks will have various kinds of parameters like Jitter, Delay, Bandwidth, Area of Coverage and Power Consumption etc., which in turn impose new challenges on mobility management. The goal of next generation network is to give users a great flexibility to have access to desired services from different available networks on the basis of anywhere, anytime services with a principle called Always Best Connected (ABC). The contribution of this work is the design of network selection mechanism based on the user preference, network parameters with the implementation of sub layer fuzzy logic controller concept in a heterogeneous environment to select a network for desired running applications.
Modern telecommunication networks include different software kinds and operation systems with a large number of vulnerabilities. It is very important to assess risk levels for them. We suggested a method for vulnerability risk assessment in telecommunication networks. It is based on the Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) V3, expert judgments and fuzzy logic. We used fuzzy production rules to describe expert's knowledge about risks. We suggested a fuzzy inference method for these fuzzy rules. The risk assessment method has some advantages over CVSS V3. It is able to work under uncertainty and providing there are gaps in the source information.
In real world optimization problems there are often multiple objectives to consider. However with regular multiobjective genetic algorithms the more objectives there are the more of a problem this becomes for the Pareto front. This is why solutions for Many Objective Problems should be explored. Many objective problems differ from multi-objective problems in that they have more than three objectives [1], [2], [3]. The problem faced by many objective systems is that the more objectives there are the more likely that more solutions will appear on the Pareto front, especially if the objectives are conflicting. This is a problem in two instances, the first is that the genetic algorithm finds it difficult to distinguish between solutions for parent selection, the second is that the output of the system will usually give a big portion of the entire population set. This means that it might be very difficult for users to choose a single solution to apply to the given real-world problem. This paper presents a novel many objective genetic type-2 fuzzy logic based system for mobile field workforce area optimization. This system was employed in real world scheduling problems to handle the high uncertainty levels associated with these domains. We will present a distance measure to avoid the problems associated with the selection of one solution from the Pareto front of Many Objective Problems. The system in this paper uses five objectives from a real world many-objective problem where the objectives are conflicting and as a result the Pareto front becomes saturated with solutions. The distance metric will help to evaluate if optimizing fuzzy systems using a genetic algorithm improves the performance of the system, comparing both optimized and un-optimized type-1 and type-2 fuzzy sets. The results show that optimizing the membership functions of fuzzy sets using a genetic algorithm improved the overall performance of the fuzzy systems and that the distance metric helps to disting... (Show More)
Fault diagnosis of bridge is critical to guarantee the safe operation of structure. A fuzzy logic-based damage detection method is proposed in this paper to identify the single and multiple damages of bridge. Modal frequency is adopted as input parameter, while the damage severity is output one. Gauss and Bell functions are used as membership functions for input and output parameters, respectively. The fuzzy rule base is established according to suitable acquisition method. Numerical simulation for a simply supported bridge is used to verify the feasibility of the proposed method. The results reveal that the established fuzzy system possesses favorable memory, inference and anti-noise abilities. Its anti-noise level is favorable. The fuzzy logic method is feasible for fault diagnosis of bridge structure with single and multiple damaged locations under noise effect.
This paper describes the design, implementation and comparison of two Mamdani Fuzzy Logic Controllers for wall tracking behavior of mobile robot. Both the controllers take inputs from two ultrasonic sensors and generate motion commands for left and right motors. The controllers are designed using MATLAB and implemented in real time using an inexpensive and readily available microcontroller, AT89C52. The controllers differ in membership functions and the rule base which provides a mean for their comparison. Experimental results have validated both the controllers; however they exhibit different settling time and percentage overshoot due to the difference in the membership functions and the design of rule base.
The increasing amount of available XML documents collections has led to the emergence of new challenges in information retrieval field. Therefore, multiple sources of evidence were used to retrieve XML elements at different levels of granularity. XML information retrieval combines textual and structural information to perform different information retrieval tasks. In this paper, we propose a new approach exploiting link evidence to re-rank XML retrieval results. Our approach, based on fuzzy logic concepts, combines both content and link evidence for all retrieved XML elements. The combination process generates a new ranked list from the initial returned list. Experiment based on INEX 2007 Wikipedia collection showed improvement of the interpolated precision values.
One of the advantages of using fuzzy logic controllers is that it does not require a mathematical model. It performs control process with verbal expression. In this study, temperature control of a treatment chamber using PIC16f877A microcontroller is presented and fuzzy logic controller design is made according to expert knowledge. Brief information about fuzzy logic and fuzzy logic controller is given. Triangular membership functions are used for input and output variables for ease of use. With the realized design, the temperature of the treatment chamber can be kept between 24 °C and 45 °C at the desired temperature.
Straight micro channels are getting importance with time due to its wide spread application in biotechnology and especially in the microenvironment. In microchannel systems the critical mechanisms involve the fluid forces, channel length and radius that affect the flow rate of the fluid. This paper covers simulation of flow control in straight microchannels using fuzzy logic control system. The Mamdani's model in MATLAB was used to study the flow rate of fluid for varying channel radius and applied pressure. Fuzzy rules for the simulation were defined according to the Hagen-Poiseuille equation for this control system. This research work provides valuable information to develop and enhance fuzzy logic based control system for straight microchannels fluid control system under different applied pressures and channel width. The percentage error in MATLAB simulated and the calculated value of volume flow rate parameter was 0.47% which shows the precision of the design model.
In this work, we have used the fuzzy logic approach to predict mechanical properties (hot set test) of cross-linked polyethylene (XLPE) used as insulation in high voltage cables. The studied property presents non linear variations according to the aging time under high temperatures. So it is very difficult to find a theoretical or experimental model of the properties evolution under thermal aging. For that reason, several factors have been considered such as aging time and applied temperature. The obtained results are very encouraging and pointed out that the fuzzy logic is a powerful tool to predict the insulation proprieties. In other words, the obtained results are in good accordance with the experimental results with an acceptable error margin.
Nowadays, power grids typically utilize boost converters to transform energy into the desired form since they operate in continuous conduction mode (CCM) and have slight electromagnetic interference (EMI). Increasing nonlinear loads in modern power grids, which may result in poor power factor, makes applying an ordinary boost converter with solid performance extremely challenging. On the other hand, that traditional controllers, such as PIs, cannot control the converters at all operation points. In order to achieve the desired behavior of controlled output voltage, the fuzzy logic technique plays a crucial role in controlling the nonlinearity present in the designed system. For this purpose, a fuzzy logic-based controller scheme has been designed using the MATLAB/Simulink platform to maintain a constant output voltage at the load despite changes in the load. According to the results, fuzzy logic-based controllers have been more successful than classical controllers in providing the output constant voltage at the load by falling output voltage overshoots and ripple while the system power factor reached the unity value. Additionally, by comparing the proposed method to other traditional controllers, such as PI controllers, the robustness of the controller can be validated irrespective of changes in the system parameters.
This paper presents the development of a fire detection system using a wireless multi-sensor network based on fuzzy logic rules. Until recently, the fire detection systems have been limited in the coverage area and installation of the device, so that the sensitivity of the sensor becomes limited indoor. This research proposes the use of multi-sensor system to detect indoor phenomena. The Fuzzy logic method is used to process data on multiple sensors and the cluster head (CH). The result of multi-sensor data processing is the condition level on the end device (ED). The test results show that the data processing using fuzzy logic for the measurements from distributed sensors reduces the data storage and computing complexity at the fusion center (FC). Fire detection application (FDA) displays the status condition (SC), where data sources from multi-sensor nodes are displayed as room conditions.
This paper proposes the design of maximum power point tracking based on fuzzy logic control for standalone PV system. A complete model of the fuzzy logic maximum power point tracking for standalone PV system is compiled and loaded on the eMEGAsim using the RT-Lab real-time simulation platform from Opal-RT. The effectiveness of the proposed fuzzy logic control has been compared with the perturbation and observation algorithm in tracking the maximum power point of the solar PV array. Real-time simulation studies are carried out in RT-Lab which allows real time control and the results are presented to verify the validity of the proposed control technique. Experiment results demonstrate that the fuzzy logic control scheme provides the system with maximum power, high dynamic performance, improve tracking performance, and better control for this application.
A Type-2 Fuzzy logic controller adapted with quantum genetic algorithm, referred to as type-2 quantum fuzzy logic controller (T2QFLC), is presented in this article for robot manipulators with unstructured dynamical uncertainties. Quantum genetic algorithm is employed to tune type-2 fuzzy sets and rule sets simultaneously for effective design of interval type-2 FLCs. Traditional fuzzy logic controllers (FLCs), often termed as type-1 FLCs using type-1 fuzzy sets, have difficulty in modeling and minimizing the effect of uncertainties present in many real time applications. Therefore, manually designed type-2 FLCs have been utilized in many control process due to their ability to model uncertainty and it relies on heuristic knowledge of experienced operators. The type-2 FLC can be considered as a collection of different embedded type-1 FLCs. However, manually designing the rule set and interval type-2 fuzzy set for an interval type-2 FLC to give a good response is a difficult task. The purpose of our study is to make the design process automatic. The type-2 FLCs exhibit better performance for compensating the large amount of uncertainties with severe nonlinearities. Furthermore, the adaptive type-2 FLC is validated through a set of numerical experiments and compared with QGA evolved type-1 FLCs, traditional and neural type-1 FLCs.
One of the main tools in knowledge representation is ontology, which is a collection of logic-based formal language sentences. These sentences are used by automated reasoning programs to extract new knowledge and answer to the given questions. Although ontology languages are standardized by W3C, there are still many problems remaining. One of the most important problems is related to, so called, fuzzy ontologies. These are ontologies, where information is vague and imprecise. Fuzzy ontologies are obtained by integrating fuzzy logic with ontologies. Such kind of ontologies have applications in many different fields, such as medicine, biology, e-commerce and the like. In this paper, we develop an unranked fuzzy logic and study some of its properties. The novelty of our approach is that we will extend many-valued logics with sequence variables and flexiblearity function and predicate symbols. To the best of our knowledge, such formalisms are not yet studied in the literature. The unranked fuzzy language will broaden the knowledge engineering capabilities in different fields.
The relationship between the condition of diesel engine and thermal parameters is too complicated to utilize threshold method to diagnose diesel engine's fault. A method of fuzzy logic is used to develop a fault diagnosis system for diesel engine, with an aim to identify the diesel engine's fault related to lack power of single cylinder. It is proven that this fault diagnosis system is capable of identifying automatically the diesel engine's fault related to lack power of single cylinder, which is helpful to apply the thermal parameters to diagnose the diesel engine's fault under ship environment.
In this letter, an unusual switching technique is implemented using a fuzzy logic approach. The proposed technique simplifies the conventional method by eliminating the traditional logic-gate design. The fuzzy logic pulse generator acts as a lookup table as well as a pulse generator. On the basis of the modulation index as input, controlled membership functions (MFs) and rules of the fuzzy logic controller open various possibilities of producing pulses directly. The proposed technique is evaluated on the cascaded multi-level inverter with symmetric and asymmetric operations using selective harmonic elimination pulsewidth modulation. MFs are designed on the basis of pre-calculated firing conditions for different modulation index values. Hardware verification is carried out to support the proposed switching technique.
The paper considers the algorithm and the program for constructing a fuzzy logic model, since solving the problem of intellectual analysis is characterized by a lack of essential information and data in a linguistic form. In such cases it is advisable to apply theories of fuzzy sets and Z-numbers. On the basis of the constructed algorithm and the developed software package, a number of test model problems of estimation, prediction and classification.
This paper presents a novel non-Gaussian stochastic control framework for the problem of disturbance estimation and rejection by combining fuzzy identification technology with disturbance observer design. First, fuzzy logic models are used to approximate the output probability density functions (PDFs) of non-Gaussian processes such that the task of PDF shape control can be reduced to a fuzzy weight dynamics modeling and control problem. Next, Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy models with multiple disturbances are employed to describe the nonlinear relations between fuzzy weight dynamics and the control input, in which a novel disturbance-observer-based PI-type fuzzy feedback controller is designed to ensure the system stability and convergence of the tracking error to zero. Meanwhile, the disturbance estimation and attenuation performance as well as the state constrained requirement can also be guaranteed. Moreover, the novel composite observer is constructed by augmenting the disturbance estimation into the full-state estimation. The satisfactory tracking performance and full-state observation effect can be achieved by the designed optimization algorithm. Finally, simulations for paper-making process are given to show the efficiency of the proposed approach.
In this paper, the fuzzy logic controller-based LQG (Linear Quadratic Gaussian) will be developed to stabilize the Inverted Pendulum (IP) on Cart. The LQG that is the combination of LQR and Kalman filter is designed to stabilize the system and eliminate the influences of both the disturbance and measurement noise. Combining the Fuzzy logic Controller and LQG (Linear Quadratic Gaussian) will not only assist to decrease considerably the number of fuzzy rules and avoid the “fuzzy rule explosion” phenomenon of the fuzzy logic controller but also improve the performance of the system. Finally, the simulation results are proved to prove the effectiveness of the proposed method and the comparison is also carried to show the superior of the Fuzzy Logic-based LQG controller with respect to the conventional LQG controller.
In a game, artificial intelligence plays a significant role, a lot of logic and algorithms are applied Therein, Including in an RPG game. Fuzzy logic is a branch of artificial intelligence systems (artificial intelligence) that emulates the ability of humans to think in the form of algorithms, which are then run by machines. Generally, each opponent and the player character has a health status as a life limit, and the opponent character has a fuzzy input parameter is the length of the NPC life limit, distance to the player and player health. Also, in this character output parameters are blurred, dodged, Attacked, and calm. From the input parameters of fuzzy logic will then use the which will choose one output parameter. From the results of the implementation of producing activities when the conditions are weak and strong.
The process control of pH in wastewater neutralisation and metal precipitation processes has been identified difficult to achieve via a normal conventional PID controller due to its non-linear and time-varying characteristics. Recently, controlling pH via fuzzy logic system that makes use of uncertain information and valuable human experience, has gained new attention and been proved efficient in controlling pH. Normally, in fuzzy logic controller, the speed of variable speed pumps are varied according to fuzzy rule base, in order to control the addition of caustic solution in metal hydroxide precipitation. However, in Malaysia, most of the small and medium scale industries are still using traditional instruments of on-off pumps (also known as two-position pumps) in controlling their processes. The management are reluctant to purchase new variable speed pumps due to the high cost constraint. The aim of this study was to develop a low-cost and reliable fuzzy logic pH controller, by making use of the traditional pumps. A set of fuzzy rules was developed based on two controller inputs, error (e) and change of error (Δe). Instead of pump speed (u), time-delay in switching on or off the pumps is used as the controller output in order to control the addition of caustic solution. The fuzzy logic controller successfully increased the pH of acidic wastewater to pH 9 and maintained this pH for all runs regardless the initial metal concentration of the wastewater. The results proved that the fuzzy concept is still applicable and yet, the present instruments can be used.
Distributed Sensor Networks (DSNs) is a new generation of real time embedded systems with high computation. The energy and memory resources are being used in a wide variety of applications, where as traditional networking infrastructure is practically infeasible. In all applications of DSNs, expecting great number of distributed sensor nodes. The number of nodes are grouped into efficient clusters, instead of sending data by single node to sink node in DSNs. Clusters are used to perform following parameters in terms of scalability, load balancing, network lifetime, and etc. This paper proposes a fuzzy logic based clustering and data processing in DSNs. This approach incorporates energy level of each node, bandwidth, and link efficiency. The objective of the proposed work is to improve the performance of network in terms of energy consumption, throughput, time for cluster head selection, number of alive nodes, and network lifetime. The simulation result shows that the proposed approach perform better than LEACH protocol that utilizes minimum energy, latency for cluster formation, and reduce communication overhead in DSNs.
One of the solutions that have been proposed in order to prolong the lifetime of Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) is the use of mobile sinks. Depending on the application, mobile sinks can be used in WSNs for different objectives. In some applications, mobile sinks are used for increasing the coverage of the sensor field. Other applications employ them as data collectors. Whatever the application is, the main issue in utilizing the advantage of mobile sinks is the design of the path that the sink will follow in the senor field. In this paper, we use fuzzy logic in order to control the movement of the mobile sink while it collects the data from the sensor nodes. During the network operation and for every R rounds, a new position of the mobile sink is calculated using fuzzy logic. The calculation of the new position is considered a fuzzy logic-based decision which depends on the remaining energy of the sensor nodes and the current distance of the mobile sink relative to the sensor nodes. The proposed approach was compared with an approach that uses static sink and with an approach that uses random movement of the mobile sink. Simulation results have shown that the proposed approach outperforms the other approaches in terms of the remaining energy and the number of alive nodes during the network operation.
Temperature and humidity play vital role in most invertebrates. Without proper temperature and humidity, invertebrates are prone to bad molt which can lead to injury and death. Due to different needs of invertebrate, having a system that can control wide range of temperature and humidity can help to encourage the growth of captive bred tarantula and other invertebrates. The goal of this study is to create a system that can solve this problem with the use of fuzzy logic. Incorporating fuzzy logic can help in controlling the parameters as consistent as possible. Corresponding devices will turn on and off to control the temperature and humidity. This includes fan, water pump and heatlamp with DHT11 as a sensor for temperature and humidity. Without fuzzy logic, the system might flood the terrarium or heat too much that would kill the tarantula inside. Although the system is limited only in controlling temperature from 25˚C to 36˚C, the data obtained from the automated system showed better parameters compared to not using the system.
Sustainability is a many–sided concept and has become a critical issue for corporations’ development, due to the interaction with the environment they operate in. The purpose of this research is to present an approach based on fuzzy logic in order to assess and consequently improve the corporate sustainability management. The fuzzy system underlying this approach is used to assess the corporate sustainable performance of a representative European automotive company. The research takes into account the influence of corporate environmental performance and corporate financial performance on the corporate sustainable performance. Research results indicate that the fuzzy model represents a suitable tool to provide a comprehensive analysis on the corporate sustainable performance based on environmental and financial components. The connection between corporate environmental performance and corporate financial performance by the instrumentality of fuzzy logic proves to be an innovative approach for corporate sustainable performance.
In this study, the control of in-wheel permanent magnet brushless DC motor has been implemented using fuzzy logic controller. An inverter has been designed to drive the motor. The inverter circuit is controlled by fuzzy logic controller. The position of the rotor and the speed value is obtained from a magnetic sensor placed inside of the motor. According to the position of the rotor which phase of the motor is to be commutated is defined. The information of the error occurred in speed and the change in error is used as the input of the fuzzy logic controller. The speed of the motor can be adjusted to desired reference value by using implemented fuzzy logic controlled circuit. In the test setup prepared, the performances of PID (Proportional-Integral-Derivative) and fuzzy logic controllers has been compared by measuring the current, the voltage and the power of the motor.
The increase of the demand in using renewable energy provides a significant increase of the use of the power inverter in the country. This study provides an opportunity to improve the reliability and capability of power inverters. The minimum and maximum values of the input parameters of the power inverter were characterized and were used as reference for the implementation of the fuzzy logic membership function. A wireless real-time monitoring system has been developed to monitor the critical parameters of the power inverter. It is composed of an Arduino compatible board, power sensors, voltage and current sensors, Zigbee wireless modules and a graphical user interface. For the power inverter protection, a fuzzy logic approach was implemented on the input side of the device. A fuzzy logic charge control is implemented to sustain the input parameters during the operation. Overall results of the study show an improvement on capability and reliability of the power inverter.
We consider fuzzy inference of the form ‘if⋯ then⋯’. ‘if⋯ then⋯else ⋯’ and ‘if ⋯ and/or ⋯ and/or ⋯ then ⋯’. Muzomoto proposed logical constructs for ‘if. then.’ by applying Godelien and Standard Sequence methods. These method do not satisfy all the intuitions In this paper, We propose method of fuzzy inference and applied on logical constructs. We have shown that our fuzzy inference method satisfy all the intuitions under several criterions.
In this paper we propose a new method to help managing and supervising security in large networks. We use Fuzzy Description Logics (FDL) to model a composite Intrusion Detection system (CIDS). We show that this hybrid method is more efficient than crisp ones in complex environments.
Power factor and voltage stability in electrical networks have been significantly challenged as a result of the growth of nonlinear loads and renewable energy sources. In this research, an enhanced control approach for Electric Spring (ES) circuits is presented. The primary focuses of this control method are to improve power factor correction and preserve voltage stability under a variety of different operating circumstances. To improve the performance of the ES circuit control system in both undervoltage and overvoltage scenarios, a double fuzzy logic controller, as well as a fuzzy PI controller, have been included in the system. To determine whether or not the suggested control technique is successful, a MATLAB Simulink simulation is carried out. The results of the simulation show that the power factor has significantly improved, with values as high as 0.97 being achieved in overvoltage scenarios and as low as 0.99 being achieved in undervoltage settings. In addition, the findings demonstrate that the suggested control strategy is capable of preserving voltage and power stability, hence proving the potential of the double fuzzy logic controller as well as the fuzzy PI controller in applications that take place in the real world. The findings of this study provide important new perspectives on the design of sophisticated control solutions for power factor correction and voltage regulation in electrical systems.
The network scalability and energy performance have great importance in wireless sensor networks (WSNs). WSN consists of a vast number of nodes with small memory and battery capacity, which makes an energy-efficient design of WSNs very essential. Since the entire network's life depends on the sensor nodes, effective energy usage, clustering has been proved one of the best approaches to enhance energy efficiency and network lifetime. In this paper, we design a type 2 fuzzy logic based clustering scheme in a multi-hop WSN to reduce energy consumption and improve network scalability. In this clustering scheme, we propose a Cluster head (CH) selection strategy where a sensor node is elected as a CH based on type 2 fuzzy logic inputs. To balance the load of CHs we also select their radius size based on the fuzzy logic inputs. We compare our proposed scheme with the well-known TTDPF and CHCCF schemes. The simulation results show that our proposed schemes outperform the TTDFP and CHCCF schemes in terms of network lifetime and other metrics.
This article considers an artificial intelligence system focused on the flight of a cruise missile. A fuzzy logic system belongs to the field of modern artificial intelligence. The cruise missile is widely used in the defense and military sphere. A cruise missile flies close to the ground and maneuvers very quickly during its flight. It is very difficult to direct a cruise missile to the object accurately and reach the target.For this reason, the control system is given a fuzzy logic method based on artificial intelligence. A cruise missile control system requires many parameters and complex mathematical models if it is controlled by a regular system. It requires a large resource and a lot of time to calculate the control system. A cruise missile is very effective when controlled by fuzzy logic, takes little time, maneuvers very quickly during the flight, and quickly makes decisions of any complexity.The article presents a virtual software simulator for creating a model of a cruise missile. This simulator is written in C++ programming language with the complex Matlab editor R2015b. The types, models, goals of use of cruise missiles preceding the virtual test are selected in the simulator. In the simulator the flight parameters of the selected cruise missile (flight speed v, range l, flight altitude h and angles of attack G0, directions of maneuver and external forces) are entered. In the simulator the trajectory of the missile flight is tested according to the task algorithm. The virtual test involves accurately targeting the cruise missile and reducing and eliminating deviations and errors while accurately reaching the target. The virtual software simulator tests any cruise and jet missile, ground-based objects of flight.This virtual software simulator is intended for use by space industry specialists, students at institutions of higher education, specialists trained in the army for practical testing of ground-based objects of flight. (Show More)
Simulated Annealing (SA) has been used successfully with a broad spectrum of optimization problems, including the optimization of Fuzzy Logic Systems (FLS). A suitable formation of SA, however, is dependent on the selection of an appropriate cooling process and initial temperature. Previous attempts to optimize FLS using SA appear to have been based only on static cooling schedules, with little insight into the cooling schedule rule. The problem of determining the best cooling schedule should aid in the development of a suitable solution for balancing speed and performance when training fuzzy logic systems. In this study, we examined the application of three static cooling schedule variants and two variants of adaptive cooling schedules to determine how far the choice of cooling schedules can affect the final modeling accuracy of FLSs. Two widely-used benchmark problems in the field of fuzzy logic served as the basis for the study's application of these schedules. The results show that the choice of adaptive cooling schedules provides extra improvement to modeling accuracy.
This study introduces a BERT-based approach with fuzzy logic for sarcasm detection in natural language processing (NLP). The research aims to capture the subtle indicators of sarcasm by utilizing advanced models such as Fuzzy logic, Transformer, BERT, and RNN. The incorporation of fuzzy logic enhances the precision of detection by interpreting the subtleties present in sarcastic expressions and accommodating ambiguity and context dependencies. The methodology involves collecting a diverse dataset of comments and applying iterative learning using Transformer, BERT, and RNN models. The integration of fuzzy logic post-iteration further refines the model's ability to identify sarcastic nuances in a context-aware manner. This research demonstrates the efficiency of iterative learning and fuzzy logic techniques for sarcasm detection and presents an innovative approach that opens doors for more reliable natural language understanding systems.
The performance assessment of different conventional and fuzzy logic controllers employed with an aim to have a good transient response is presented. There are various types of controllers available in control literature. The controller can be either conventional or intelligent in nature. Fuzzy controllers come under the category of intelligent controllers. The parameters of the practical systems may change during operating conditions and under such a situation, the conventional controller fails to give an anticipated performance. This motivates to use a fuzzy controller which not only improves the step response performances but also solve problems containing uncertainties and vagueness with high nonlinearities. Since the tuning of fuzzy controller is very difficult and time-consuming, so a novel tuning method based on optimization technique that is Particle Swarm optimization has been implemented to get the optimized scaling factors in order to get better performance in terms of rise time, settling time and overshoot.
This study is based on an extension of fuzzy sets called balanced fuzzy sets. The study makes it possible to describe both uncertain and incomplete information and present the degree of membership or non-membership of a set relatively efficiently. In this work, we discuss balanced fuzzy sets operators. We compare the concepts of fuzzy sets and balanced fuzzy sets, and operations on them. In introducing the concepts of balanced sets, we refer to concepts from fuzzy logic, thus showing that the concept of a balanced fuzzy set is a concept that extends fuzzy set theory—enriching it with the possibility of simultaneous analysis of positive and negative information. We also give numerous examples from everyday life, where we encounter problems with fuzzy balanced sets.
An autonomous vehicle or self-driving car is a vehicle having the ability to sense the surrounding environment and capable of operation on its own without any human interference. The key to the perception system holding responsibility to collect the information in the outside world and determine the safety of the vehicle is a variety of sensors mounting on it. However, each of the sensors has its strengths and weaknesses, so fusing them can fill out the gap between sensors and make the self-driving system more reliable. As a result, the information after fusing becomes more reliable and efficient to further process.
The D.C servo motor is a stable system. In a real-time, stable system is easy to control and it fit for any controllers. This D.C servo motor is used for aircraft rudder position control. Fuzzy logic based LQR controller is proposed to control the position of DC servo motor. This process is useful to control the rudder position of the aircraft system. The D.C servo motor consists of a weight disk that mounted on the rotor. If there is a change in the weight of the disk produces an error value. The error value and rate of change error value are given as the two inputs to the fuzzy logic. The output of fuzzy logic gives the Q value by which plant control action is done effectively. The weight disk acts as a disturbance to the servo motor, it moves stables system to an unstable system. The fuzzy logic implemented with LQR controller helps to reduce the error and it automatically controls the servo motor. From this fuzzy output, Q value makes changes in the LQR controller it helpful to obtain optimal gain value. Fuzzy-based LQR controller produces better steady-state position output than the PID controller steady-state position output.
Anemia is the most common hematological disorder affecting about one-fourth of the global population. Anemia can be defined as a decrease in the amount of hemoglobin in blood or lowered ability of the blood to carry oxygen. It goes unidentified in many people and sometimes symptoms may be undefined. Diagnosing anemia or being aware of the high probability of its occurrence is not an easy task to do. In this paper, we present a fuzzy logic for diagnosing the anemia and implementing the simulation through LabVIEW software. Using the proposed software and based on nine input blood parameters we conclude the existence of anemia and its types (we approached six most common types). And also with this software method of approach, we can employ more diagnosing types of anemia by developing more rules. The advantage of the software is fast evaluation of disease compared to manual analysis.
In many vertical handoff decision algorithms, various factors, such as the received signal strength, the available bandwidth, monetary cost, residual battery and so on, need to be taken into account to make a handoff decision. Among different kinds of vertical handoff decision (VHD) schemes, fuzzy-logic-based VHD algorithm has an advantage in dealing with incomplete and uncertain information. However, the computational complexity of fuzzy-logic-based VHD method follows an exponential increase with the number of input parameters, which limits its practicability. In this paper, a low-complexity fuzzy-logic-control-based (FLC-based) VHD algorithm is proposed for heterogeneous wireless networks. In proposed FLC-based VHD algorithm, a technique on the basis of rough set theory is put forward to reduce fuzzy logic decision rules and select core parameters as input criteria. Using these core parameters in fuzzy logic controller, the value of access network candidacy is estimated. And VHD is made based on access network candidacy. Simulation results show that the proposed low-complexity FLC-based VHD algorithm can dramatically reduce the handoff decision time, as well as achieve almost the same network selection performance compared to the original FLC-based VHD algorithm, and better network selection performance compared to the FLC-based VHD algorithm with the same number of input parameters.
Induction motors are playing an imperative role in industries because of its downy controllability and jagged construction. It requires both ample range of speed and hasty torque response irrespective of load variations for its application. The fuzzy logic controller has highly developed qualities amid the various speed control techniques. So the fuzzy logic controller has been implemented using SVPWM technique to control the speed, current and torque. The V/f method is used to control the speed. The space vector pulse width modulation technique which gives superior utilization of DC and reduction in harmonics is used in this scrutiny. The dynamic characteristics has been analyzed with fuzzy controller for induction motor. The Total Harmonics Distortion has been observed and plotted. The entire intend has been implemented and proved in MATLAB/SIMULINK.
A Fuzzy Logic Controller for Power System Stabilizer (FPSS) is developed to enhance the performance of a Single Machine Infinite Bus (SMIB) system under steady state and dynamic conditions of the electrical power system. For improving the performance of the system, two inputs FPSS is considered which will damping the oscillations in the system under small disturbances and the two input variables are generator speed deviation (Δω) and acceleration (Δώ) of the machine to which FPSS is connected. One of the main highlights of FPSS are the controller does not require a real time mathematical model of the system for its control action. Fuzzification is performed on the input crisp values to transferring it to fuzzy linguistic variables. For each input variable, there are seven membership functions represented for both input variables and totally they form forty nine fuzzy rules for controlling the stabilizer. The rules were defined based on the system requirement. As the system dynamic characteristics are not known, trial and error methods and the experience play an important role for defining rules. Defuzzification is performed to obtain the crisp controlled variables from the fuzzy set. The paper discuss about the design procedure for FPSS and performance of FPSS is compared with the output response of Proportional Integral Derivative (PID) controlled system.
Many different real-world applications with a high-level of uncertainty proved the good performance of the type-2 fuzzy sets (T2 FSs). Balanced diet means that the intake of each necessary nutrient meets its adequate demand and actual caloric intake balances with calories burned. Additionally, making a diversity of choice from various types of food is also essential to reduce the risk of developing various chronic diseases. Different people have a different goal and it is hard to measure how healthy the eaten meal is for those who are not the domain experts on the diet. This paper presents an adaptive personalized diet linguistic recommendation mechanism based on type-2 fuzzy logic system (T2 FLS) and genetic fuzzy markup language (GFML). First, an adaptive dietary assessment and recommendation ontology is constructed by domain experts, and then a T2 FS-based GFML, describing the fuzzy knowledge base and the fuzzy rule base of the proposed mechanism, is evolved by using genetic algorithms. Next, a T2 FS-based fuzzy inference mechanism infers the result of the dietary health level based on the evolved type-2 GFML (T2GFML). In addition, the balanced computation mechanism is also proposed to reduce the computational complexity of the T2 FLS for the diet domain knowledge. Finally, the linguistic knowledge discovery mechanism presents the discovered linguistic meaning about the meal's health level to show the involved subjects how to make a personalized diet linguistic recommendation. This type of information about the eaten meal can provide the subjects with a reference to gradually improve their unhealthy eating habit and then become healthier and healthier. Experimental results show that the results of the proposed mechanism for the T2 FLS are better than those for the type-1 fuzzy logic system (T1 FLS).
Sequences classification problems in recorded videos are often very complex and have too much uncertainty. In many application domains, such as video event activity detection, sequences of events occurring over time need to be studied in order to summarize the key events from the video clips. In most existing adaptive sequences classification systems, Dynamic Time Warping (DTW) and Gaussian Mixture Mode (GMM) are used as the core techniques in measuring similarity between two temporal sequences, which may vary in speed. Hence, there is a need to develop video event detection systems capable of classifying important events within long video sequences. This paper presents a novel system based on DTW and Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems employing the Big Bang Big Crunch (BB-BC) algorithm for video activity detection and classification of critical events from the large-scale data of soccer videos.
In this paper improvement in voltage sag by using GA optimized fuzzy controller is described. Dstatcom is the FACTS device used in voltage sag improvement. Genetic Algorithm(GA) is used to optimize the if then rules of the fuzzy controller. In this system a Dstatcom is placed in a three phase system to control the voltage sag. A fuzzy controller is designed to control the output of Dstatcom. The whole system is simulated using MATLAB Simulink. The fuzzy controlled Dstatcom output is compared with a PI controlled Dstatcom output. The system without Dstatcom is also simulated using MATLAB Simulink. The fuzzy controller rules are optimized using genetic algorithm and the results are also compared with other systems.
In the fields of technology and industrial automation, robots are now widely used to help reduce human labor. A robot is a mechanical system that can perform complex actions automatically based on computer programmed. In order to build an automated robot, navigation is one of the main problems that still to be solved until now. Many researchers have been use various methods to improve the navigation system of autonomous robots. This research attempts to implement a fuzzy method in an autonomous robot, which aims to maintain the distance between the robot and the obstacle, so that the robot can avoid the obstacle smoothly. In this study, we used three HCSR04 ultrasonic sensors as an input that installed on the front of the robot, and the Arduino MEGA 2560 as a microcontroller. The experiment has been done using case study where the distance of obstacle to the right sensor, middle sensor, and left sensor is 5 cm, 8 cm, and 17 cm respectively. The output of fuzzy is the speed of the PWM motor. Based on the results, the simulation shows the speed of right and left PWM motor is 167 and 33.4 respectively. Meanwhile, the experiment show that the right side PWM motor is 166.61 and the left side motor PWM is 33.89. According to this result, we can conclude that the fuzzy logic control was successfully implemented in the robot to avoid obstacles, the performance value of the right motor is 99.998%, and the performance value of the left motor is 99.086%. It can be seen that the output comparison between the simulation with the realization in the robot is not much different, it’s indicate that the realization of fuzzy logic in the robot to avoid obstacles is successful.
As the photovoltaic produced power is depending on weather conditions, Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) controller are usually applied to extract the maximum amount of generated power. This work provides a review of MPPT controllers based on fuzzy logic concept. The studied system includes a PV panel, a DC-DC converter and a resistive load. The classical MPPT algorithms fail to track the maximum peak power point (MPP) accurately, so that fuzzy logic is introduced to reduce oscillations around the operating point as it can trace the maximum power for all the cases. Three fuzzy Logic Controllers (FLC) are developed using different types, Mamdani and Takagi-Sugeno (T-S), and different input and output signals. The proposed algorithms are tested under dissimilar atmospheric conditions and compared to a conventional MPPT technique, Perturb and Observe. FLCs provide quick reaction to the weather conditions variation and decreased fluctuations around the MPP.
In this paper, the use of extended Kalman filter for the optimization of the parameters of type-2 fuzzy logic systems is proposed. The type-2 fuzzy logic system considered in this study benefits from a novel type-2 fuzzy membership function which has certain values on both ends of the support and the kernel, and uncertain values on other parts of the support. To have a comparison of the extended Kalman filter with other existing methods in the literature, particle swarm optimization and gradient descent-based methods are used. The proposed type-2 fuzzy neuro structure is tested on different noisy input-output data sets, and it is shown that extended Kalman filter has a better performance as compared to the gradient descent-based methods. Although the performance of the proposed method is comparable with the particle swarm optimization method, it is faster and more efficient than the particle swarm optimization method. Moreover, the simulation results show that the proposed novel type-2 fuzzy membership function with the extended Kalman filter has noise rejection property. Kalman filter is also used to train the parameters of type-2 fuzzy logic system in a feedback error learning scheme. Then, it is used to control a real-time laboratory setup ABS and satisfactory results are obtained.
Fuzzy logic has created a high impact on research and development in almost all engineering applications. Recently, there has been an increasing interest in various offshoots of fuzzy logic approach and hierarchical fuzzy logic is one such area of research development and applications. With the increase in volume of data, hierarchical fuzzy logic has emerged as a highly suitable candidate for research. The objective of this paper is to develop methodology for multi-input multi-output hierarchical fuzzy systems. In particular, a system to be designed is broken into a number of sub-subsystems, where each subsystem is designed separately and then connected in hierarchical structure. The strategy used in this paper is to avoid the repetition of common terms across different subsystems of multi-input multi-output systems. This strategy has not been presented hitherto by any other author. This paper first discusses in detail the implementation of a multi-input single-output hierarchical system. It then extends the approach to multi-input multi-output hierarchical systems.
In this paper a regenerative braking energy recovery control strategy for electric vehicle (EV) based on fuzzy logic control is proposed. By analyzing the characteristic and the influence factors of the regenerative braking, the sugeno fuzzy logic controller (FLC) is established. Under assurance of braking safety and stability, the strategy distributes regenerative braking force and frictional braking force reasonably during braking, to make use of regenerative braking characteristic of motor as much as possible, so that much more kinetic energy can be converted into electric energy and stored in the battery. Model based on fuzzy logic control was established under the Matlab/Simulink environment and embedded into simulation software ADVISOR. Simulation experiments with different driving cycles were carried out, and the feasibility and effectiveness of fuzzy logic control strategy is tested with the state of charge (SOC) and braking energy recovery.
Efficient use of energy resources is the one of most challenging research issue in wireless sensor networks, because the battery limits the lifetime of the sensor nodes. To enhance the energy efficiency the clustering hierarchical architecture is most favorable approach. In clustering, the network is divided into sections known as clusters and each cluster selects a leader among the cluster members according to set of rules define by user. Only the leader is allow to communicate with base station. LEACH is the first dynamic and self-organized clustering in wireless sensor networks. It use probabilistic model for cluster head election. After LEACH many techniques has been proposed and inspired from LEACH. These techniques has defects such as large overhead generation and uncertainty in selecting cluster heads. In order to reduce these demerits fuzzy logic based clustering techniques proposed such as CHEF (cluster head election mechanism using fuzzy logic). Fuzzy logic based techniques generate lower overhead and fuzzy logic reduces uncertainties in cluster head selection. In this paper we introduce new clustering technique using fuzzy logic. We use fuzzy logic to calculate the value of timer, which is responsible for forming clusters in the network. We performed simulation in MATLAB and results are compared with LEACH and CHEF clustering techniques. Simulation results shows that the proposed clustering technique is more energy efficient than the LEACH and CHEF in term of network lifetime.
Heat recovery steam generator or HRSG is one of the big equipment that is productively being used these days to recover the heat and to produce it into steam which can be used in many applications. However, it is known that HRSG is a complex system with highly nonlinear characteristics and using conventional controller to control the system has brought a lot of drawbacks. Hence, to overcome these drawbacks, Fuzzy Logic Controller is employed to control the HRSG complex system. This paper discusses the design of a Fuzzy Logic Controller with three different membership functions which are 5, 7, and 9 that were used as pressure controller to control the input to HRSG based on the steam demand. The performances of the fuzzy logic controller were then compared with the classical PI controller.
Advancements in wireless technology motivated the monitoring of environment at a lesser cost compared to methods of environmental control that were previously used. This paper derives from an in-depth study of a WSN (Wireless Sensor Networks) system that was designed to control climatic parameters of a greenhouse using fuzzy logic inference. The proposed WSN system consists of three stations which are the sensor Station, coordinator station, and central station. To better control the climate condition in the greenhouse, the fuzzy logic inference was utilized with wireless networks and appropriate sensors. The experiments were carried out with the purpose of determining the functionality and reliability of the designed wireless sensor network using ZigBee wireless technology. This paper summarizes the study in which the design of a system was done using wireless XBee radio modules as a solution to control climatic parameters of temperature, humidity, carbon monoxide, soil moisture and illumination by the use of fuzzy logic control theory.
Employing effective optimization strategies in organizations with large workforces can have a clear impact on costs, revenues, and customer satisfaction. This is particularly true for organizations that employ large field workforces, such as utility companies. Ensuring each member of the workforce is fully utilized is a challenging problem as there are many factors that can impact the overall performance of the organization. We have developed a system that optimizes to make sure we have the right engineers, in the right place, at the right time, with the right skills. This system is currently deployed to help solve real-world optimization problems, which means there are many objectives to consider when optimizing, and there is much uncertainty in the environment. The latest version of the system uses a multiobjective genetic algorithm as its core optimization logic, with modifications such as fuzzy dominance rules (FDRs), to help overcome the issues associated with many-objective optimization. The system also utilizes genetically optimized type-2 fuzzy logic systems to better handle the uncertainty in the data and modeling. This paper shows the genetically optimized type-2 fuzzy logic systems producing better results than the crisp value implementations in our application. We also show that we can help address the weaknesses in the standard NSGA-II dominance calculations by using FDRs. The impact of this work can be measured in a number of ways; productivity benefit of £1 million a year, the reduction of over 2500 t of CO2 and a possible prevention of over 100 serious injuries and fatalities on the UK's roads.
More and more researchers are working on improving the sensor nodes' energy efficiency owing to rise in the number of Wireless Sensor Networks' applications in various fields like military, space, healthcare, climate and agriculture. Sensor nodes are deployed in harsh and unapproachable environments with uncertain external conditions. Due to these reasons, it is even more important to improve the energy efficiency and thereby, network lifetime of sensors. In these unpredictable conditions, Fuzzy Logic systems work very well in handling uncertainties in an efficient manner. An attempt is made to implement a joint optimal clustering and routing solution using Type-2 Fuzzy Logic as well as Bacterial Foraging Optimization. In our proposed work, we try to design and implement an efficient cluster head selection algorithm using Type-2 Fuzzy Logic system and then use BFO routing algorithm to find optimal path for sending aggregated data to the BS. Our proposed approach will address the issues related hot-spot problem in the network by reducing the over heads in the formation of cluster, and helps in reducing the consumption of energy thereby prolonging the Network Life Time. We compared the implemented solution with LEACH protocol and achieved better network life time, increased residual energy and lower packet delivery loss.
This paper studies the impact of the implementation of the proportional integral controller, Ziegler-Nichols PI and Fuzzy Logic controller on the Load frequency control (LFC) of a single power system and on two-area interconnected power system with HVDC link. The dynamic performance of the LFC control is compared with Proportional Integral controller and Fuzzy Logic controller. Simulation results for the Tunisian power system interconnected to the Italian system with HVDC link prove the efficiency and the superiority of Fuzzy Logic controller compared with the conventional PI controller.
This paper outlines the potential role of Fuzzy Logic Control (FLC) for voltage-rise mitigation in power distribution networks in the presence of grid-connected photovoltaic (PV) systems. In particular, after analyzing the main performances of the traditional techniques currently adopted for voltage rise mitigation by reactive power compensation, a decentralized approach based on local fuzzy controllers is proposed to regulate the reactive power injected into the grid by the distributed PV systems. The proposed solution is based on a closed control loop, where the local voltage at the point of common coupling (PCC) is fed at input to the FLC to decide the amount of reactive power generated by the local PV systems. The results obtained on a realistic case study are presented and discussed in order to assess the benefits deriving by the application of the proposed approach.
The study of unsteady aerodynamics is highly critical due to its important impact on modern aircraft, in particular fighters, hence, modeling methods have been investigated and established. However, conventional methods, such as the least-square and maximum likelihood are not fully capable to predict all the required cases of unsteady aerodynamics at very high angle of attack and with complications from other factors such as severe weather conditions. Therefore, other methods should be investigated using artificial intelligence techniques. It is known that fuzzy logic, as a branch of artificial intelligence, can model unsteady and nonlinear systems in various areas such as control, stability, nonlinear stochastic system and coupled-unstable system. In this paper, the appropriateness of utilizing fuzzy logic to model unsteady aircraft aerodynamics was investigated. It is concluded that fuzzy modeling can reasonably model unsteady aerodynamics if the appropriate aerodynamic inputs, such as angle of attack and pitch rate are used. To establish a reliable model of unsteady aerodynamics using fuzzy model, it is important to utilize experimental data to train and test the FL model. The model can be further validated by comparison with mathematically obtained data.
Low frequency oscillations (LFO) are a frequent harmful phenomenon which increase the risk of instability for the power system. They confine the steady-state power transfer limits, which therefore changes operational system economics and security. The statistic synchronous compensator (STATCOM) is one of the important FACTS devices that can be used for dynamic compensation of power systems to provide voltage support and stability improvement. In this paper, two novel control methods of STATCOM have been discussed and compared. The designed Fuzzy and Adaptive Neuro Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS) are auxiliary controllers that can damp power oscillations efficiently. Advantages of Fuzzy and ANFIS control methods cause authors focus on comparative between them. Simulation results are useful due to choose the best STATCOM control methods. A four machines system has been used in order to study low frequency oscillation. The MATLAB/Simulink software program is used to verify the effectiveness of each control method.
Shrimp farming is a major industry covering 23% of Philippine annual aquaculture production, which requires performing better management practices (BMPs) including growth monitoring and feed management. Traditionally, growth is monitored manually using analog weighing scale and caliper; but the manual measurement is a tedious task for large-scale farming. Feed management entails providing the most suitable feed type based on the shrimp's current growth stage; furthermore, it addresses issues of underfeeding and overfeeding. The limitations of manual method led to the implementation of computer vision applications for growth measurement. However, existing vision-based measurement studies are not yet applied for feed management. This paper presented a fuzzy-logic based shrimp feed type classification system utilizing Mamdani's methodology. The output classes are Starter, Grower, and Finisher based on the three inputs: pixel area, length, and weight. The system was developed using the FIS feature of the MATLAB Fuzzy Logic toolbox. The classification system was evaluated and resulted to 93.33% correct classification accuracy. Based on these results, it can be concluded that fuzzy logic can be utilized to determine the suitable shrimp feed type corresponding to the input features.
In series of papers, the authors introduced the concepts of multidimensional intuitionistic fuzzy sets and logic. Here, the concept of a multidimensional intuitionistic fuzzy quantifier is introduced. Three groups of these quantifiers are described and some of their basic properties are studied.
In the early era of the Internet, webpages only contained static content, such as text and images. However, with the emergence of Web 2.0, a new set of dynamic web applications appeared, such as online banking, e-commerce, social networking, gaming, and others that revolutionized the industry. These new technologies have presented a new set of vulnerabilities that can be exploited by malicious users for multiple purposes, such as data exfiltration/modification/deletion, privilege escalation, malware installation, DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) attacks, etc. In order to detect some of these web attacks, companies are relying in Web Application Firewalls. These Web Application Firewalls (WAFs) rely on complicated regular expressions (REGEX) that are created by experienced security researchers in order to detect malicious signatures found in tampered HTTP requests. The goal of this research is to provide an alternate way to detect these web attacks without relying on complicated regular expressions. VADAS (Valence Aware worD embedding for web Application Security) approach to detect web attacks is by using a set of revised vocabularies (word embeddings created using unsupervised algorithms) that are commonly found in web attack vectors. These embeddings will allow us to calculate a valence score for each word quantifying its positive/negative score by using cosine similarity. The output from VADAS system is connected to a fuzzy logic controller in order to achieve a final 'maliciousness' classification result (Fuzzy VADAS). Preliminary results show that the performance of Fuzzy VADAS is quite effective, obtaining an accuracy of over 98%. The proposed Fuzzy VADAS approach provides a new way of detecting web application attacks, relying on minimal interaction with security experts (refinement of dictionaries, removing good words, etc.). This is a great advantage in comparison to existing REGEX rule-based systems.
The load forecasting is crucial for energy management to maintain stability, power quality and reliability of the building's power system. This work proposes a new two input based fuzzy logic controller method for residential load forecasting. The proposed fuzzy system considers the temperature and a new variable calculated based on occupancy and week/special days for predicting the building's energy consumption. For the comparison purpose, the predicted energies by new fuzzy system and by artificial neural network are analyzed against actual energy consumption data in an apartment building located in Memphis city of USA. The efficacy of the proposed new fuzzy logic based prediction system over the conventional neural network approach is validated by MATLAB simulations and the performance indices.
Operation of pumps in a wide range leads to the fact that the equipment most of the time works outside the working area, with low values of efficiency and low resource. Using a fuzzy control system allows you to optimize the energy consumption of pumping units.
The high complexity of business process models may negatively impact their quality and usability, and cause errors, costs, or even more serious damage to critical business processes when inefficient models are used. Therefore, in this study, we propose the fuzzy logic-based software tool to assess the complexity of business process models. This software tool uses the fuzzy inference system, in which rules are inferred from the existing business process model complexity metrics and their thresholds. However, the use of the fuzzy logic-based approach outperforms the existing approach based on crisp metric values and the weighted sum model by 30%, when the obtained results are compared to the expert judgment results. Fuzzy inference rules are similar to human reasoning and assume uncertain or borderline metric values by improving assessment results.
In multivariate processes (e.g., mechanical, chemical process and power plant, etc.), because several systems are complexly connected and operated, equipment faults can lead to failure or malfunction of the entire process. To improve the safety and reliability of the process, there is a need for a fault detection technology capable of preventing an accident by detecting the fault of an object in advance. In this paper, we detect the faults in multivariate processes using auto-associative kernel regression(AAKR), which is mainly used to detect faults due to benefits applicable to multiple-mode processes. AAKR is a nonparametric multivariate method that compares the similarity between the training data stored in memory and the query vector (testing data), and then assigns high weights to the high similarity vectors to compute the estimated vector. However, since there is a problem that you need to set the proper bandwidth parameter of the weighting function to calculate the weight, it is very important to reduce the parameter uncertainty by properly adjusting the bandwidth parameter according to the properties and characteristics of the input data. The conventional methods for setting of bandwidth parameter is used by trial and error. This method takes a lot of time and computation power. In this paper, we set the proper bandwidth parameter of weighting function in AAKR algorithm using interval type-2 fuzzy logic system (IT2FLS) that can deal with uncertainty. Dataset simulated from a multivariate dynamic process model was used to experiments, and the fault data was generated by applying two types of disturbance (e.g., bias and drift) to the simulated data. Experimental results show that the proposed fault detection method has better performance than the conventional method for setting of bandwidth parameter.
This research paper presents a comparative analysis of open-loop control, closed-loop PID control, and closed-loop fuzzy logic control buck converter. The main objective is to reduce harmonic distortion in buck converter. The experimental results show that the open-loop buck converter output voltage THD is 328.48%. On the other hand, the closed-loop PID controller output voltage THD is 227.73%, and the fuzzy logic-controlled buck converter output voltage THD is 202.26% for 400V. The simulation results clearly demonstrate that the fuzzy logic controller outperforms the other two control methods. It exhibits the fastest response to changes in input voltage and load current while maintaining the output voltage consistently within a predetermined range. The PID controller also shows commendable performance, but the fuzzy logic controller excels in compensating for disturbances. Conversely, the open-loop converter displays the least favorable performance, characterized by slowness. Based on these findings, it is evident that the closed-loop fuzzy logic control offers the most advantageous solution for efficient and precise voltage regulation, making it a preferred choice for buck converter applications in practical scenarios.
NextG Networks are predicted to be heterogeneous in nature, due to the coexistence of different Radio Access Technologies (RATs). The coexistence of different RATs requires a need for Common Radio Resource Management (CRRM) to support the provision of QoS and the efficient utilization of radio resources. RAT selection algorithms are part of the Joint RRM algorithms. Simply, their role is to decide which of the available RATs is most suitable to fit the user to the best connection. Guaranteeing the requirements of QoS and most efficient utilization of the available radio resources are the goals of the RAT selection algorithms. Therefore, there is a need to develop such algorithms for the heterogeneous wireless networks. In this paper, we propose an approach for RAT selection algorithm developed by fuzzy logic and includes different criteria, assessing and making decisions, then selecting the most suitable technology.
In this paper a method for fuzzy logic systems design, which implements the latest developments in this field, is presented. The main evolutionary algorithm uses the Pittsburgtype approach, and the Michigan-type one is used as a mutation operator. A self-configuring technique is used to adjust the algorithm parameters based on their success rates. The novelty here is the algorithm's ability to adjust the probability using either the genetic or heuristic method for the incorporation of a new rule in the rule base. Previously, this was done voluntarily. It is demonstrated that this new algorithm's flexibility does not decrease its performance although it makes it fully automated.
Induction motors are playing an imperative role in industries because of its downy controllability and jagged construction. It requires both ample field of speed and hasty response of torque irrespective to load modification for its application. The fuzzy logic controller has highly developed qualities amid the various speed control techniques. So the fuzzy logic controller has been implemented using SVPWM technique to control the speed, current and torque. The V/f method benefits to control speed. The space vector pulse width modulation technique which gives superior utilization of DC and reduction in harmonics is used in this scrutiny. The dynamic characteristic has been analyzed with fuzzy controller for induction motor. The Total Harmonics Distortion has been observed and plotted. The entire intend has been gadget and proved in MATLAB simulation.
The presented paper investigates a new design of an adaptive single phase auto reclosing (ASPAR) single scheme using fuzzy logic (FL) algorithm to maintain synchronism and improvement of the power system reliability, integrity and stability. The suggested auto-reclosure system has been incorporated with distance measuring relay (DMR) to detect and diagnose fault occurrence. The proposed fault classification method, including fuzzy logic, router circuits, logic gates and timers, is able to precisely identify fault type depend on the angular difference of a positive and negative sequence analyzer value and coordination. The blocking signals of fuzzy fault classifier is used adaptively to recognize unclassified tripping signals of the conventional protection relay and correspond a trained signals to single phase auto-reclosure. The designed ASPAR with FL method has been modeled and tested with the double circuit overhead transmission line using MATLAB\SIMULINK. The simulation results describe FL performance and feasibly to discriminate among different types of faults and to provide a tripping and reclosing pulses for the appropriate poles of the multi-shot single pole circuit breaker with successful mechanism at transient faults and lockout case in permanent fault as well.
Fuzzy logic is widely used in the area of healthcare systems. It is an approach that can deal with inconsistent information. This review paper describes the fuzzy logic-based systems for the diagnosis of various diseases. These systems are beneficial in developing areas where doctor to patient ratio is small. These systems can further act as specialist’s supporting tools. It can help the doctor in the diagnosis and making decisions. This review article also focuses on various fuzzy models that are being used in healthcare systems for making decisions. It reviews the role of fuzzy systems in the diagnosis of various diseases, for instance, Alzheimer’s disease, Chronic kidney disease, Cholera disease, Hepatitis B, Coronary artery disease, Diabetes, Asthma, COVID-19, Stroke disease, Renal cancer and heart disease. This article also shows the results obtained by different researchers in making a diagnosis of various diseases.
Survival analysis is a common procedure in the medical field. Predicting life expectancy is a highly significant factor in the decision making of both patients and doctors. In addition to the correct diagnosis of the ailment, accurate classification and assessment is necessary to commence appropriate and effective treatment. The Child-Pugh classification has been used for many years for the assessment of severity and prognosis of chronic liver disease and cirrhosis of liver. It is considered as a standard for classifying the patients with end-stage liver disease. Fuzzy logic is a clever technique that can be used to model imprecise and complex systems efficiently. Intelligent procedure based on Fuzzy logic could be used for the Child-Pugh classification of the patients suffering from liver cirrhosis. For different classes of cirrhosis patients the life expectancy also differs. This paper presents a fuzzy intelligent technique to classify and predict the life expectancy of patients with cirrhosis of liver.
This paper presents the design and construction of a fuzzy logic based PID controller for the control of a PWM-based dc-dc buck converter working in Continuous Conduction Mode (CCM). The converter operates at a switching frequency of 500 KHz. Fuzzy Logic Toolbox from MATLAB/SIMULINK is used to fuzzify the inputs and their membership functions, express the inference rules linking the input and output variables and defuzzify the output parameter. Generally this approach expresses the advantage of simplicity as no linearized model of the buck converter is required. The simulation results from MATLAB/SIMULINK show that the fuzzy logic based PID control technique provides robust control for non-linear power electronics variable switching structure like the dc-dc buck converter and validates the design.
Focus on the ripple of the output voltage of switched reluctance generator (SRG), an optimized controller of turn-on and turn-off angle basing on fuzzy logic is designed. The effect of turn-on and turn-off angle on system's performance is studied after introducing the working principle of SRG. Considering the ripple of output voltage and the difference between the real voltage and the reference voltage, the voltage of SRG is limited near the reference voltage by optimizing the turn-on and turn-off angle through fuzzy logic method. The self-exciting SRG model which adopts voltage feedback control is built to validate this controller's correctness and robustness. Compared with traditional PI control method, the fuzzy logic algorithm can restrain the voltage ripple and strengthen system's static performance well.
Education system can measure the performance of students by their academic assessment which regards them as passed or failed. However, their satisfaction level during the learning process is also one of the important element to measure the students' psychology and their struggle in learning outcomes. Furthermore, the pandemic outbreak has changed the conventional face-to-face learning environment to online distance learning as whole. In this study, fuzzy logic and inference system is used to present an evaluation for students' satisfaction in online distance learning. The main advantage of this method is its capability to express the students throughout based on simple linguistic statements collected from themselves. Six indicators towards satisfaction are determined and it is suggested that 90.27% of students were satisfied and very satisfied with online distance learning.
The Philippines Center for Post-harvest Development and Mechanization (PhilMech) cited that most of Filipino farmers still rely on manual land cultivation which includes land preparation, planting and harvesting. With this, they are driven to engage in Precision Agriculture. It is an emerging agricultural technique based on a range of technologies like sensing devices and software applications. This research was therefore done to address the challenges of manual land cultivation and technologies of Precision Agriculture. Present technologies include detection of plant or soil nutrients and diseases but neither of these studies recommended crops to be planted considering the state of the soil. This study involved the creation of a stand-alone crop recommending device that detected soil quality and provided a list of selected general crops placed on a database. The device used different sensors that measured pH level, soil moisture, soil temperature and soil fertility. After designing the system for pH, soil fertility, soil moisture and temperature sensor, the next step was to build a fuzzy logic model for crop recommendation. The dataset used for building the membership functions for the fuzzy logic model was based on the Philippine Council for Agriculture and Resources Research Foundation Crops Recommendation database. The database was composed of recommended minimum and maximum values of temperature, pH, soil moisture, and soil fertility recommended for growing each of the 30 crops commonly planted in the country. From there, the fuzzy rules were established to classify whether a crop is bad, okay or good to be planted on the given soil sample. The device increased the precision of crop cultivation and consequently increased profit to the farmers as they utilize their resources effectively. For future improvements of this study, the actual ambient condition and more advanced sensing technologies can be considered.
Doppler weather radar has become one of the important means of detecting and monitoring method for meteorological department. Doppler weather radar is widely used in the analysis of convective weather detection, diagnostic research, quantitative precipitation estimation and now-forecast, etc. Most applications of rain field observations by radar required to be able to identify convective and stratiform precipitation. For example to choose the coefficients of the Z-R relationship used to convert reflectivity factor (Z) into rain rate (R) and then into cumulative rainfall for hydrological operation. This topic used fuzzy logic method to discriminate stratiform and convective precipitation in rain field. Based on the differences of radar reflectivity distribution morphology between stratiform and convective precipitation, selected four recognition parameters, which were maximum reflectivity factor, altitude of echo top, vertical reflectivity gradient and horizontal reflectivity gradient. Firstly, we calculated each recognition parameter, afterwards using membership function converted each identification parameter into judgment factor between 0 and 1, then weighted and calculated all the judgment factors, finally chose a suitable threshold for the above result to obtain the stratiform and convective precipitation in rain field. This paper gave several typical examples of different weather to analyze the recognition validity. The results showed that four recognition parameters that selected can effectively identify stratiform and convective precipitation in rain field, and this algorithm can be expanded by adding more recognition parameters to further enhance the identification accuracy.
The estimation of the human pose is an interesting computer vision problem. The principles of fuzzy logic can be used to distinguish the human poses due to the existing uncertainty. In this paper, we suggest fuzzy logic-based modeling for identifying human actions. Fuzzy membership functions that highlight the discriminative pose connected to each action are considered for feature extraction. Additionally, to identify human activity, a multilayer perceptron classifier is applied. For a more accurate classification of yoga poses, various methods of estimating poses and identifying key points were discussed in detail. Evaluations of the proposed method on the benchmark datasets indicate the performance of the proposed method.
This work presents the development of a Battery Management System (BMS) focused on lithium batteries for Electric Vehicles (EV). This BMS was developed using fuzzy logic to model the methodologies for improving the autonomy and performance of the EV. For modeling the EV, the powertrain and driving cycles were used, thus reproducing the normal operation conditions for a real EV. With this model, to evaluate the Battery State Of Charge (SOC) against the time under different conditions was possible, revealing the adequate strategy for improving its performance. Then, this strategy was implemented using fuzzy logic within the proposed BMS focused in the energy autonomy optimization and the energy performance. This BMS was applied to the EV model and the results reveal that there is a significant improvement of the SOC behavior under normal driving cycles. The BMS was implemented using NI LabVIEW® and the EV model and analysis was performed using DSSim-PC.
This paper attempts to show how a fuzzy logic controller (FLC) is used for the design of a power system stabilizer (PSS) for a multi-machine interconnected power system. It has also been addressed how a fuzzy logic-PSS has been optimized by using an adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference system (ANFIS) based technique. The design objective of the PSS is to supply an external damping torque to an automatic voltage regulator (AVR) of a synchronous generator without affecting the synchronizing torque. The PSS is designed based on the use of FLC by Mamdani and Takagi-Sugeno (T-S) methods for comparison purposes. The designed controllers are tested on a test system having a dynamic load. The simulation results by MATLAB/SIMULINK demonstrate the effectiveness of the ANFIS-PSS over FLC-PSS to control the low frequency electromechanical oscillation of interconnected power systems under severe disturbances with dynamic loads.
The use of Light Emitting Diode (LED) as the lighting device becomes popular due to its energy-efficient characteristic. However, LED has radiation angle that is relatively smaller than other types of lighting device. This results in heterogeneity of light intensity that received by particular point near the LED. To obtain homogeneity of light intensity, this paper proposes a model of fuzzy logic control system to control illumination of LEDs lamp in a room. This model involves several components, namely LEDs lamp, LED driver, illumination sensor, microcontroller, and a differential transceiver RS-485. The fuzzy logic control system that used in this model uses error of illumination and delta error of illumination as input parameter. As output, this control system will change duty cycle of Pulse Width Modulation (PWM) that used to control illumination of LEDs lamp. Based on experiment result, when expected light intensity is set to 150 Lux, homogeneity of light intensity can be achieved with error less than 2%. In addition, the control system also can reduce energy consumption up to 40% under the experimental environment.
To solve the problem of traditional droop control in a DC microgrid cannot meet both current equalization and voltage regulation requirements in load distribution due to the presence of line impedance. This work proposes a fuzzy logic-based improved droop control scheme and designs two fuzzy controllers for the current compensation and bus voltage compensation, respectively. To improve current equalization accuracy and DC bus voltage stability, voltage compensator and current compensator based on fuzzy logic algorithm are designed. Finally, a simulation platform of the DC microgrid with three phase-shifted full-bridge DC/DC converters as the main circuit topology is built in MATLAB/Simulink to verify the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed control scheme.
In this paper, an energy management strategy in a Hybrid Electric Vehicle (HEV) is studied. This HEV is powered by a Fuel Cell (FC), and a Li-Ion battery. The FC supplies average power during the steady state and the battery furnishes the peaks of power during transient responses due to its high power density compared to the FC. This energy management, based on a fuzzy logic approach, aims to increase the performances of the studied vehicle and the lifetime of the sources by respecting two constraints: the low response of the FC and the battery State of Charge (SoC). The fuzzy logic controller in this study has three inputs: the load power, this power error and the battery SoC and one output which is the current that the FC must deliver. The overall system was simulated under Matlab/Simulink. The obtained results show the effectiveness of the proposed power management strategy to perform a good energy split between the two sources while maintaining the imposed constraints.
In the oil and gas industry, subsurface well log measurements are typically performed by geoscientists and petro physicists in exploration and production settings. Well logs provide valuable information on the petrophysical properties of underground petroleum reserves. However, random errors and noise during the acquisition process are prone to occur, causing the decision-making phase to be inaccurate. Although most of these problems can be solved today by using advanced acquisition techniques, there is a need for a proper algorithm to be developed to define an accurate hydrocarbon prospect zone. An application that is used for determining the contents zone of hydrocarbon in a drilling well has been developed based on fuzzy logic. This application can predict the hydrocarbon prospect zone as performed by experts. Fuzzy logic is used in the decision-making module by mapping input space into the output with respect to the hydrocarbon prospect zone. This study utilizes log measurements such as gamma ray, resistivity, neutron, and density to estimate the hydrocarbon prospect zone when raw logging procedures. The inference system that is used is Fuzzy Inference System (FIS) - Mamdani. Using test data from refinery wells in East Kalimantan, the proposed application achieves an accuracy level of 90.06%.
This paper is devoted to the problems of the design of Fuzzy Expert System for cardiovascular disease diagnosis. Such type of systems may be efficiently constructed by using the fuzzy variables as inputs and outputs and generation of results in terms of the presence of the disease in human.
In this paper, a super-twisting sliding mode controller with a time-varying sliding surface is proposed for electronic throttle control. The idea behind this control algorithm is to utilize a fuzzy logic controller to vary the sliding surface based on error variables, error and its first time derivative. The simulation results have confirmed the improved dynamic performance of the proposed control algorithm in terms of faster response compared with super-twisting sliding mode controller with a constant sliding surface. The improvement in the dynamic performance is achieved without compromising the stability, robustness and tracking accuracy.
Electric spring (ES) is a novel smart grid technology, which is based on power electronic components. It has multitude of benefits associated with its widespread use at distribution level, which includes voltage profile enhancement, power imbalance mitigation, and power quality improvement. With the ever increasing need of incorporating intermittent renewable energy sources (RES), electric spring offers a viable solution to the problems linked with such energy sources. A new generation of electrical loads is also recently proposed, known as smart loads, which is the outcome of integrating electric spring in series with a non-critical load. This work proposes a novel control scheme for electric spring based on fuzzy logic to regulate mains voltage. Simulations are carried out for ES based on conventional PI controller, fuzzy logic controller, and adaptive fuzzy PI and their results are analytically compared.
The smart RGB lighting system is a smart lighting system built on a fuzzy logic controller that adjusts the RGB lighting to suit the environment. The concept aims to make lighting systems more efficient in power, and intelligent with the color adjustment from the fuzzy system. This research aims to develop a fuzzy logic controller that aims to control the output RGB light intensity based on the current luminance of the environment and the activity color classification within the room. The membership functions and rules in the system were designed in MATLAB Fuzzy Logic Designer. The system was tested with test inputs into the system.
Software complexity is one of the important quality attribute and predicting complexity is a difficult task for software engineers. Current measures can be used to compute complexity but these methods are not sufficient. New methods or paradigms are being searched for predicting complexity because complexity prediction can help us in estimating many other quality attributes like testability and maintainability. The main goal of this paper is to explore the role of new paradigms like fuzzy logic in complexity prediction. In this paper we have proposed a fuzzy logic based approach to predict software complexity.
Power transformers are to be monitored frequently to avoid catastrophic failures which are more or less related to internal faults. Many techniques and tools are developed world wide and most of these techniques rely on expert's analysis and are well affected by environmental conditions which lead to misinterpretation of the test. In this paper a new fuzzy logic algorithm (FLA) based technique is developed which gives the vulnerability status of internal faults by considering thermal, electrical and mechanical conditions prevailing in the transformer and integrating them. This system takes a set of test results of dissolved gas analysis, insulating oil break down voltage, and sweep frequency response analysis so that aliasing effects and misinterpretions can be reduced at a glance. It also facilitates to give status of prevailing condition of Paper thermal, Oil thermal, Partial discharge, Electrical arching, oil break down voltage, and mechanical deformations related with core and windings individually. This system consists of 10 fuzzy logic controllers and they are connected by considering technical conditions and reasons, the rule bases of these controllers were developed by considering various standards and experience of TIFAC CORE in NIT-Hamirpur. The proposed system is tested and found that it is highly precise in classifying the situations of any transformer, reducing aliasing effects and identifying the current prevailing conditions.
In this paper, we propose a fuzzy logic control (FLC) for control of ankle movement using multi-electrode intraspinal microstimulation (ISMS). It has been demonstrated that ISMS via multi-electrode implanted into a given motor pool has several advantages over the single-electrode ISMS. In the current study, we investigate the closed-loop control of ankle movement using multi-electrode ISMS. For this purpose, a pair of electrodes was implanted into the each motor pool of dorsiflexor and plantar flexor muscles in the spinal cord. For each muscle, an independent FLC was designed. The response of neuromuscular system has a time-delay with respect to the input stimulation. To compensate the effect of time-delay, the future value of desired response was considered as the input of the FLC as well as the error signal. The results of experiments on animals show that the proposed control framework can provide a good tracking performance.
Fuzzy logic controllers, FLCs, are elements of the artificial intelligence, and, today, they are widely use in command and control of many industrial processes. It involves the acquisition of better signal wave forms at the output and the reduction of all oscillations (in case of electric drives, we consider speed variation, torque variation, current variation for all the three phases ore more) in comparison with the classic control procedures. This paper presents two case studies of two FLCs applied for some exterior permanent magnet synchronous machines, PMSM. One fuzzy logic algorithm has 25 rules and the other has 49 rules. These FLCs are developed for less computational issues, which make them suitable for real time implementation. The permanent magnet synchronous machines are used today in state of the art drives due to their dynamic performances. It is known that PMSM has a high torque density, with reduced losses/torque rates, a high power factor and a quick torque and speed time response. All the references concerning the real time implementation are made on the digital signal processor controller board type DS1104.
Network quality of service is mainly affected by deficiencies such as jitter, packet loss, and delay. Network jitter as a variable delay represents a serious problem in communication networks. Several attempts have been made to adjust the playout time of packets at the network node, which suffers from variable delay. Some of these attempts tend to make the playout time fixed; another advanced contribution is to have an adaptive scheme to cope with the variable network conditions. In this paper the optimal use of artificial intelligence as an effective tool for taking smart decisions is proposed as a solution to adapt the playout time. First an algorithm was developed to simulations single node in network in different conditions. Several network behavior patterns were extracted from these simulations to represent diverse jitter responses. Next, we introduce an adaptive approach using fuzzy logic model to estimate the playout time. The algorithm has been tested against different network condition patterns. Results reveal that the proposed approach has good results versus various delay conditions. Finally, a comparison has been made to evaluate the performance of the fuzzy logic approach.
In this paper a control system for a pitch controlled variable speed wind turbine is described and analyzed. One of the main control system goals is to limit the aerodynamic power produced by the wind turbine to the nominal power in high wind speed region. In turbulent wind environment the power production control becomes difficult due to fluctuation of the wind speed. A fuzzy logic based control system was designed and investigated for a 60 kW mini wind turbine. A wind turbine aeroelastic model was developed in order to simulate the turbine behavior for different intensity of turbulent wind. Both the designed fuzzy logic control system and a classical PID control system were simulated and the results in terms of turbine rpm and power production were compared.
The rotating shaft, commonly known as an axle, plays a crucial role in enabling rotational motion and power transmission within industrial rotating machines. However, assessing the condition of a rotating shaft presents a significant challenge due to its concealed nature. Traditionally, manual inspections by technicians have been relied upon to detect potential damage, resulting in time-consuming processes and potential delays in fault diagnostic. To address this issue, this paper proposes an IoT-based architecture integrated with fuzzy logic to enable real-time fault diagnostic in rotating shaft. By employing fuzzy logic classification based on vibration frequency and noise analysis, the system accurately determines the condition of the rotating shaft. Experimental results confirm the successful implementation of the proposed system, providing valuable insights into the current condition of the rotating shaft. This real-time approach enables proactive maintenance strategies and mitigates the risk of unexpected industrial machine failures.
This research presents an innovative solution to tackle the impacts of erratic weather changes and high rainfall on daily activities, particularly the time-consuming clothes drying process in Indonesia. The proposed approach involves the design and development of an automatic portable clothes dryer cupboard, integrating a fuzzy logic controller method, heating lamp, and exhaust fan to optimize clothes drying efficiency. As an essential component, the DHT22 sensor accurately measures humidity and temperature, providing vital input data for the control system. The control mechanism is implemented using an ESP32 microcontroller, employing fuzzy logic based on the Mamdani method to intelligently manage humidity and temperature levels for optimal drying results. Furthermore, the inclusion of an internet-based monitoring system, utilizing the Thingspeak platform, allows users to conveniently track the drying progress on their smartphones, enhancing user convenience and control. By minimizing drying time and maximizing space efficiency, this design addresses the challenges faced in densely populated urban areas where suitable areas for drying clothes are limited, often leading to aesthetic disturbances in housing arrangements. Ultimately, this automatic portable clothes dryer offers a practical and user-friendly solution, significantly improving the daily living conditions and comfort of individuals residing in regions prone to erratic weather patterns, contributing to a more sustainable and efficient approach to clothes drying.
Fuzzy logic has become a widely used alternative in control systems because of its inherent advantages, such as robustness. Despite this, the Type-2 fuzzy reasoning approach has gained popularity lately, particularly in applications for processing of images. It enables for addressing the uncertainty of models. In order to investigate how Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Controls (FLCs) impact operator sales, this research compares Period Type-2 and Generalized Type-2 FLCs. Using several standard testing facilities, the study evaluates performance metrics like completion time, integral squared deviation, integrated absolute mistake, and integrated times-weighted actual mistake. The outcomes of the experiment are used to offer selection criteria for choosing amongst several fuzzy logic controls based on effectiveness and processing time demands.
The shipping industry plays an important role in the development of nations; especially boundaries laying on the long sea coast like in Vietnam, Japan, South Korea, Philippines, etc. Due to, the main propulsion plant on ship need to maintain and keep at good condition then operating as well as lying on the shore. To keep the main engine rotational speed constant despite of the variable loads like navigation environment (wave, draught, wind and climate), engine's working state, equipment condition, etc. In this article, the authors apply the Fuzzy PID logic controller to establish the speed control model of diesel engine. The design algorithm of PID controller in this paper is to adjust the parameters KP, Kd, Ki through fuzzy inference logic based on the model establishment on SIMULINK/ MATLAB between the error e(t) of the desired position set point and the output, and the derivation of error de(t) to make the controlled object attain the good dynamic and static performance.
The Maximum power point trackers (MPPT) do a significant work to withdraw power from photovoltaic (PV) panel as they gives the maximum power point (MPP) regardless of continuously change in temperature and at different irradiances. Nevertheless majority of these techniques have inconveniences as far as efficiency, precision, and adaptability. Due to the irregularities of the irradiations, current-voltage variations and the nonlinearity of DC-DC converters by the reason of switching, standard controllers can't give the best response and conventional MPPT P and O strategy has its own disadvantages too. In order to overcome this, Fuzzy Logic Control Strategy based Perturb and Observe for the MPPT of a photovoltaic system gives the better result as compared to traditional MPPT methods and studied FPPT method for the same temperature, irradiance and PV specifications. Fuzzy logic gives a better controller for nonlinear type application and for overcoming complexity in the system. The simulate output indicate that FLC can acquire the better outcomes and is fit to be applied to the hardware model. The proposed technique planned in MATLAB/Simulink represents that the execution of MPPT strategy is worked on as far as fluctuations about the maximum power point, velocity, susceptibility to differentiate parameters.
Cooperative control of multi-agent systems deals with various challenges such as uncertain dynamics, external disturbances, and limitations on interactions with other agents or the leader. Here, a cooperative adaptive fuzzy controller is introduced for a class of higher-order affine nonlinear multi-agent systems. The agents can only interact with their neighbors, and only a portion of them have access to the leader states. The unknown dynamics of the agents are approximated by fuzzy systems. In addition, the artificial potential functions (APFs) are employed to model the interaction among the agents. The APFs could provide a more transparent and straightforward design in comparison with usual graph-based methods. By modifying the error function, the proposed controller extends our previous work by giving only a portion of the agents access to the leader states. Lyapunov stability theory is used to design appropriate update laws for the weights of the fuzzy system and verify the overall stability of the system. Simulations results indicate a lower steady- state tracking error and lesser control energy consumption compared with a competing neural network-based approach.
Interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems (IT2 FLSs) have demonstrated better abilities to handle uncertainties than their type-1 (T1) counterparts in many applications; however, the high computational cost of the iterative Karnik-Mendel (KM) algorithms in type-reduction means that it is more expensive to deploy IT2 FLSs, which may hinder them from certain cost-sensitive real-world applications. This paper provides a comprehensive overview and comparison of three categories of methods to reduce their computational cost. The first category consists of five enhancements to the KM algorithms, which are the most popular type-reduction algorithms to date. The second category consists of 11 alternative type-reducers, which have closed-form representations and, hence, are more convenient for analysis. The third category consists of a simplified structure for IT2 FLSs, which can be combined with any algorithms in the first or second category for further computational cost reduction. Experiments demonstrate that almost all methods in these three categories are faster than the KM algorithms. This overview and comparison will help researchers and practitioners on IT2 FLSs choose the most suitable structure and type-reduction algorithms, from a computational cost perspective. A recommendation is given in the conclusion.
This paper presents an improved stator active and reactive power control is proposed in wind system (WS) to control doubly fed induction generator (DFIG) in Hyposynchronous mode using maximum power point tracking (MPPT) strategy. A new class of fuzzy logic called an adaptive type-2 fuzzy logic control (T2-FLC) is proposed for wind generation application to control Ird and Irq instead the proportional integral derivate (PID) classical controllers. In this context, the rotor side converter (RSC) is fed by three level neutral point clamped (NPC) converter. In order to extract the maximum of wind power; the condition of the stator side power factor is controlled at unity level via MPPT by keeping the stator reactive power equals to zero. Results obtained using MATLAB /Simulink environment show that T2-FLC controller is robust, superior dynamic performance and hence found to be a suitable replacement of the conventional controller for the high performance drive applications.
Developing a high performance classifier requires understanding the complex relationships hidden within statistical information. Machine learning algorithms and rule based fuzzy logic approaches can help handle classification problems due to their efficient learning capabilities. Several approaches have been defined in both categories to classify discrete class labels. Selection of appropriate techniques and algorithms can help in developing high performance classifiers. In this paper, coronary heart disease (CHD) is taken as the classification problem whose objective is to find out whether an individual is suffering from CHD or not. To handle the CHD problem, four machine learning based classifiers and two fuzzy logic based classifiers have been developed. Accuracy, precision, recall and Fl-score evaluation metrics have been used to evaluate the performance of the developed classifier. The results obtained from the developed classifiers showed that Support Vector Machine and Wang-Mendel based classifiers perform with 92.32% and 98.48% accuracy in their respective category.
Researches on mobile robot path planning with meta-heuristic methods to improve classical approaches have grown dramatically in the recent 35 years. Because routing is one of the NP-hard problems, an ant colony algorithm that is a meta-heuristic method has had no table success in this area. In this paper, a new approach for solving mobile robot navigation in dynamic environments, based on the heuristic feature of an optimized ant colony algorithm is proposed. Decision-making influenced by the distances between the origin and destination points and the angle variance to the nearest obstacles. Ideal paths are selected by the fuzzy logic. The proposed ant colony algorithm will optimize the fuzzy rules' parameters that have been using to On-line (instant) path planning in dynamic environments. This paper presents a new method that can plan local routs all over the area and to guide the moving robot toward the final track. Using this algorithm, mobile robots can move along the ideal path to the target based on the optimal fuzzy control systems in different environments, especially in dynamic and unknown environments.
In this paper, a fuzzy logic controlled buck-boost DC-DC converter powered by Photo Voltaic (PV) for Battery-Load system is presented. General design of the converter-load system is performed using Matlab/Simulink. In the FLC, different fuzzy membership functions are used and the results are compared with each other. The complete converter-load system has been developed, analyzed, and validated by the simulation. Performances have then been evaluated in detail for different operation conditions. The effects of the different fuzzy membership functions and the PV module parameters on the controller are also compared.
Negative knowledge is considered as important as positive knowledge in the theory of knowledge processing, which is investigated by many researchers. In this paper, a novel fuzzy propositional logic calculus system equipped with three kinds of negations, say contradictory, opposite and medium negation, is established, and the soundness theorem of the system is proved.
In this paper, we present a novel combination of intuitionistic fuzzy Description Logics with intuitionistic fuzzy logic programs, which yields a more realistic and intelligent hybrid system, which offers the best of both aspects: the extension of Description Logics with intuitionistic fuzzy sets are suitable for describing vague and imprecise concepts in a given domain, on the other hand, intuitionistic fuzzy logic programs suffice for rules with vague atoms. We show that the new formalism remains faithful to both individual intuitionistic fuzzy components, and we provide the decidability and complexity of the framework under some suitable assumptions.
A Wireless Sensor Network is a special network that requires adaptive methods and techniques to meet the application requirements. Optimizing the energy consumption and enhancing the network lifetime while routing data from sensor nodes to the base station is the subject of extensive research works. This paper presents and evaluates an energy efficient cluster-based routing protocol that uses a fuzzy logic module during the cluster-head election process in order to increase the network lifetime. The objective of this work is not to minimize the whole network consumption, but to balance the consumption over nodes to increase the network lifetime. The proposed protocol is based on the well-known cluster-based routing protocol, the Low Energy Adaptive Clustering Hierarchy protocol. The performance of the proposed fuzzy-logic-based algorithm is evaluated using MATLAB simulation.
In this paper, a Fuzzy Logic Controlled (FLC) buck-boost DC-DC converter for solar energy-battery systems is presented. General design of a fuzzy logic controller (FLC), based on Matlab/Simulink is performed. This design compared with Proportional Integrated (PI) controller. The complete control system has been developed, analyzed, and validated by simulation study. Performances have then been evaluated in detail for different study conditions.
Some systems correct faulty production to reduce the cost and increase the performance of steel plates. The first element of quality production is to identify and classify defects. However, when the error classification is not done well, the cost of correcting the error increases. This study proposes a classification and regression tree (CART) based fuzzy model to determine which fault class the faulty steel plates fall into. The second model used in the study is the adaptive neuro-fuzzy interface system (ANFIS). In both approaches, error classes were determined using fuzzy logic. In the two models created, it was observed that when the information of the detected faulty steel plate was entered, it was unsuccessful in determining which class this fault belonged to. Although it suggests a quick solution for detecting the error class, it has been seen that these approaches are not appropriate to use because they do not offer the right solution.
Two proposals are presented in this study in an attempt to solve the problem of network selection, which are based on fuzzy logic techniques and methods of decision making. The first proposal uses a combination of the fuzzy method with two MADM (Multiple Attribute Decision Making) methods, the AHP (Analytic Hierarchy Process) and the GRA (Grey Relational Analysis), whereas the latter uses only the fuzzy logic technique. The two are compared with each other and with a third proposal, which uses a combination of AHP method along with a cost function. The results show that the two proposals presented in this paper are more efficient to sort and select the best access network compared to the third one.
In order to conserve energy in wireless sensor networks (WSNs), sensor nodes are partitioned into clusters. Clustering algorithm provides an effective way to extend the network lifetime of WSNs. The operation of clustering algorithm is divided into cluster heads (CHs) selection phase and cluster formation phase. However, most of the previous researches have focused on CHs selection, and have not considered the cluster formation phase, which is important problem in WSNs and can drastically affect the network lifetime in WSNs. In this paper, cluster formation using fuzzy logic (CFFL) approach has been proposed to prolong network lifetime and reduce energy consumption in WSNs. this approach uses fuzzy logic in the formation cluster phase, two fuzzy parameters are used. These parameters are residual energy which is energy level of each CH and closeness to base station (BS) which is the distance between the CH and the BS. Simulation results show that the proposed approach consumes less energy and prolongs the network lifetime compared with Low Energy Adaptive Clustering Hierarchy (LEACH) protocol.
Herbs produce non-woody stems and have many applications in medicine, food, and perfume products. We used an electronic nose system and a fuzzy logic algorithm to identify herbaceous plants in this study. The gases emitted by the plants were analyzed with the MQ sensors. The results were used with a fuzzy logic approach to identify the name of the plant. The performance of the prototype system was evaluated for Oregano, Spearmint, and Peppermint with 38/45 plant samples. The prototype showed an accuracy of 100% for identifying oregano, 73.33% for spearmint, and 80.00% for peppermint. The overall accuracy was 84.44%.
The primary goal of the proposed study is to identify the fault type in the high voltage transformer using a fuzzy logic technique with tuned hyperparameters based on pattern search optimization. Based on the dissolved gas analysis results, fault types in the transformer are identified (DGA). For DGA analysis, this suggested study employs the conventional methodology, the International Electrotechnical Commission ratio (IEC), and the Duval triangle technique. There are transformer faults utilized. The fuzzy logic approach's hyperparameters are optimized using the pattern search optimization technique to improve the performance of the proposed work. In addition, four different fuzzy inference systems are used in this proposed work for further investigation. An intelligent maintenance approach is advised for efficient planning to prevent significant damage to the power transformer.
The use of water in manual irrigation systems is often uncontrolled resulting in inefficient use of water which will affect costs. Sprinkler Irrigation System is an irrigation technique by spraying water into the air with a sprayer so that the water is distributed evenly. This irrigation method is one of the solutions to optimize water use in the agricultural sector. Monitoring using the wifi network is still a problem because wifi cannot reach remote areas, so it is not suitable for highland areas with heterogeneous land contours. This research focuses on developing a Sprinkler Irrigation System to control the duration of watering so that water use is efficient and monitoring using Lora Communication to overcome network problems in highland areas. The method used is Mamdani Fuzzy Logic with two parameters, namely temperature and humidity. Meanwhile, monitoring uses LoRa Communication which can reach a distance of up to 15km. The results show that a sprinkler irrigation system using Mamdani Fuzzy Logic can provide water use efficiency of up to 31.81 %, while the use of LoRa communication in monitoring shows that the maximum range of LoRa is 100 meters.
This paper proposes a fuzzy logic based maximum power point tracking (MPPT) controller to track the maximum power from PV panel. Solar PV arrays have nonlinear I-V characteristics and are affected by factors like temperature and irradiance. In this paper, the fuzzy MATLAB Simulink is used to implement MPPT controller using fuzzy logic technique. Fuzzy logic MPPT model has ability to handle nonlinearity nicely and is capable of tracking the maximum power more precisely and rapidly. It provides overall better performance as compared to conventional techniques in terms of maximum power point tracking.
Solar power is the dominant renewable energy source in smart homes. The amount of power generated by solar panels varies throughout the day, peaking at mid-day and reaching a minimum in the evening. This generation pattern often does not align with the household's energy consumption trends, resulting in the necessity of battery storage to be frequently charged during the day and discharged in the evening. In this paper, a novel fuzzy logic-based load shifting strategy is proposed for smart homes with battery storage and rooftop photovoltaic, where certain home appliances can be shifted. The aim is to reduce the overall dependency on the battery and minimize the grid power consumption. The proposed fuzzy control system is simulated, and its performance is evaluated under various scenarios. Results demonstrate a reduction of at least 16.21% in the battery charging/discharging cycles and a reduction of at least 54.34% in grid power consumption over one day.
Dengue fever is a disease which is hard to identify, it is only detectable when the patient is at the critically ill. This study uses a fuzzy logic approach for the patient to get further notification if they are suspected with dengue fever. The study will suggest the patient whether to go or not to go to the hospital for further diagnosis. A doctor working in the vector unit was selected to be interviewed as a domain expert for this project as to obtain data about the dengue disease. Fuzzy logic will take part as an inference engine in this study that is applied to the rules of a knowledge base within a fuzzy or a crisp rule-based to determine whether the patient is suspected with dengue fever or not. The results and findings from the study had shown that the technique of fuzzy logic can contribute a reliable result in order to notify the disease. Human subject has been used to test the system. This is considered to be quite satisfied as well as reliable system. The system can be applied at the UiTM medical unit. It is user friendly and most important can be used by users to get self notified without any assistant.
This paper proposed a control strategy that enables precise walking behavior for a bipedal robot. The system is a bipedal robot composed of five principal links and actuated by two motors per leg (hip, knee) to walk in a circular planar dimension. Due to the complexity of determining, with high precision, the equations of the dynamics describing the robot, a hybrid fuzzy logic controller was designed and optimized with the Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm. The control strategy consists of a tracking controller (torque) and state controller (walking phase: set the goal angle) per motor. The proposed fuzzy rules systems were established experimentally and are simple and easy to apply. The values of the input and output fuzzy sets and the desired positions were optimized using the PSO algorithm to guarantee that the robot can walk for two hours without falling while keeping the torso of the robot vertical. The system was evaluated through simulation, reaching four times the optimal walking time (8 hours and 30 minutes) without falling and traveling a distance of seven kilometers using simple fuzzy controllers.
Oyster mushroom is one type of mushroom that is commonly consumed by Indonesian people which is relatively easy to cultivate. It can produce the optimum fruit body at temperatures below 30°C, the range of humidity is 60–90% with altitudes between 500–1000 meters above sea level. This paper describes on the development of the prototype of temperature and humidity control system in oyster mushroom cultivation using a fuzzy logic controller. The prototype comprises of DHT11 sensor for detecting temperature and humidity, Arduino microcontroller, mistmaker, and cooling fan. Fuzzy logic controller is installed in the Arduino microcontroller to generate an actuating signal for the mistmaker and cooling fan based on fuzzy inputs. The whole fuzzy system is designed using two inputs namely temperature and humidity with each input consist of three fuzzy sets with the triangular membership function. Meanwhile, the output variable is the speed of cooling fan with three fuzzy sets and triangular membership functions. A Mamdani inference system is adopted to achieve the control objective in the whole system. Based on the appropriate rule bases, fuzzy logic controllers are designed to produce the temperature and humidity setpoint around 27°C and 60–90 % respectively. Experimental results show the time response to achieve the setpoint span from 1 minute 27 seconds until 8 minutes 10 seconds.
Fuzzy rule interpolation enables fuzzy inference with sparse rule bases by interpolating inference results, and may help to reduce system complexity by removing similar (often redundant) neighbouring rules. In particular, the recently proposed closed form fuzzy interpolation offers a unique approach which guarantees convex interpolated results in a closed form. However, the difficulty in defining the required precise-valued membership functions still poses significant restrictions over the applicability of this approach. Such limitations can be alleviated by employing type-2 fuzzy sets as their membership functions are themselves fuzzy. This paper extends the closed form fuzzy rule interpolation using interval type-2 fuzzy sets. In this way, as illustrated in the experiments, closed form fuzzy interpolation is able to deal with uncertainty in data and knowledge with more flexibility.
There exists growing demand for the improvement of Transesophageal Echocardiography probe control. In order to provide remote control, a Fuzzy Logic based approach is presented. Preliminary results based on MATLAB2014a enclose the simulation of desired motor behavior of 2 Dynamixel MX-28 which actuate ultrasound probe movements. We conclude that the Fuzzy Logic toolbox is highly applicable for simulating Transesophageal Echocardiography motor control and provide a detailed documentation on this procedure.
In the contemporary power system, the load frequency control (LFC) of two area thermal power plant has broadly expended in frequency control suitable to having the quick replies. The fuzzy logic controller is considered for two area power plant. The pattern of system with fuzzy controller is imitation in MATLAB/SIMULINK. The dynamic replies of LFC with fuzzy and it equated through PID of frequency control for system. The success of the proposed fuzzy is better-quality the outcomes of power system in provisions of settling time and peak undershoot time.
The advancement in new technology like fuel cell, wind turbine, photo voltaic and new innovation in power electronics, customer demands for better power quality and reliability are forcing the power industry to shift for distributed generations. Hence distributed generation (DG) has recently gained a lot of momentum in the power industry due to market deregulations and environmental concerns. Islanding occurs when a portion of the distribution system becomes electrically isolated from the remainder of the power system yet continues to be energized by distributed generators. An important requirement to interconnect a DG to power distributed system is the capability of the DG to detect islanding detection. The proposed method develops a fuzzy rule-based classifier that was tested using features for islanding detection in distributed generation. In the developed technique, the initial classification boundaries are found out by using the decision tree (DT). From the DT classification boundaries, the fuzzy membership functions (MFs) are developed and the corresponding rule base is formulated for islanding detection. But some of the fuzzy MFs are merged based upon similarity the measure for reducing the fuzzy MFs and simplifying the fuzzy rule base to make it more transparent. The developed fuzzy rule-based classifier is tested using features with noise up to a signal-to-noise ratio of 20 dB and provides classification results without misdetection, which shows the robustness of the proposed approach for islanding detection for distributed generations in the distribution network.
This paper presents hand gesture classification using fuzzy logic, with an application to the Rock-Paper-Scissors game. It includes a comparison between a simple threshold classifier and the Fuzzy Logic classifier. The real-time gesture recognition is implemented for the Leap Motion input device. Although the human's game gesture pattern may seem random, some recent work suggests how it is possible to predict an opponent's gesture, from a previous gesture, with better-than-random success. Based on this, we designed a conditional-response algorithm making the behavior of the virtual player more similar to a real human. Using networking tools, we enable game play remotely against other players. The game was experimentally evaluated with eleven players, reaching an average online classification accuracy of 97.35% for hand pattern recognition. The evaluation metrics are represented in confusion matrices.
This article describes an application of fuzzy logic in a gap controller for an electrical discharge machine. The controller was built using an STM32F4 microcontroller with an ARM Cortex M4 core. Gap controllers are one of the key control circuits in electrical discharge machines. The performance of a gap controller determines machining speed, tool electrode wear and machined surface quality. As the EDM process is of stochastic nature and simple controllers fail to deliver adequate performance, the best option is to use fuzzy logic in such a controller. The article also describes the operation of the controller and discusses the results of tests on an actual controller.
Emerging applications of quadrotor vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) unmanned aerial vehicles in various fields have created a need for demanding controllers that are able to counter several challenges, inter alia, nonlinearity, underactuated dynamics, lack of modeling, and uncertainties in the working environment. This study compares and contrasts type-1 and type-2 fuzzy neural networks (T2FNNs) for the trajectory tracking problem of quadrotor VTOL aircraft in terms of their tracking accuracy and control efforts. A realistic trajectory consisting of both straight lines and curvatures for a surveillance operation with minimum snap property, which is feasible regarding input constraints of the quadrotor, is generated to evaluate the proposed controllers. In order to imitate the outdoor noisy and time-varying working conditions, realistic uncertainties, such as wind and gust disturbances, are fed to the real-time experiment in the laboratory environment. Furthermore, a cost function based on the integral of the square of the sliding surface, which gives the optimal parameter update rules, is used to train the consequent part parameters of the T2FNN. Thanks to the learning capability of the proposed controllers, experimental results show the efficiency and efficacy of the learning algorithms that the proposed T2FNN-based controller with the optimal tuning algorithm is 50% superior to a conventional proportional-derivative (PD) controller in terms of control accuracy but requires more control effort. T2FNN structures are also shown to possess better noise reduction property as compared to their type-1 counterparts in the presence of unmodeled noise and disturbances.
Online marketing has been showed dramatic increase related with the usage proportion of internet. Availability of wide range of products and comparing different brands and products with just a few click, makes online marketing even more desirable. Apparel is one of the product group that physical experience directly affect consumer buying behavior. On the other hand, return of online purchased apparel cause extra cost and time for suppliers and consumers. Size of apparels may differ based on brands and lead consumer in confusion. In this study, we aimed to compare measurements of the consumer and the product regardless of brands' size using with fuzzy approaching manner and concluded with a fitness ratio in terms of fuzzy numbers. By this way, online shoppers will be able to find best fitted products for their body measurements in each brand.
This paper aimed to optimal power management strategies for real time operation of an hybrid ac/dc microgrid. The main objective of this work is to design, and implement supervision systems to schedule the power delivery of proposed microgrid. Two approaches are performed, the first based on petri nets (PN) formalism, and the second using fuzzy logic system. A comparative study of the performance of each management system is performed taking into account operating cost optimization, meeting energy needs and grid supply limitation. The results show that the fuzzy logic approach ensures optimal operating system with considerably minimization in unsatisfied power and operating cost.
This article proposes suitable solution to detect fraud via fuzzy logic followed by Neural-fuzzy Takagi-Sugeno training method. In order for the fraud to be detected through fuzzy logic, there should be some rules stemmed from experience of the experts. These rules are expressed through information that could be registered for a given card. To come up with the fuzzy deduction, membership functions needed to be expressed over the specified input range. This issue is one of the problems of fuzzy logic. To solve this problem, fuzzy logics were established and Mamdani deduction engines were utilized as a result of which suitable responses were presented for fraud detection via Neural-fuzzy method. Despite the fact that the problem inputs were highly linear, Neural-fuzzy training was able to cope with the problem and present a suitable trained system. In other words, Neuralfuzzy training method is employed in order to optimize the fuzzy logic membership functions based on the data. Outcomes of the Neural-fuzzy training were quite satisfactory and highly precise. Thus, utilizing the research findings, Neuralfuzzy training method is proposed for upgrading fraud detection in the banking system of our country.
Notwithstanding massive fire safety campaigns being carried out, incidents of fire outbreaks continue to increase annually. The alarming rate of these fire outbreaks requires an engineered solution system that detects fire in its early stages and contributes to the firefighting effort. Current research efforts have been directed towards the development of multi-sensor fire detection algorithms to increase the sensitivity of fire detection devices and reduce nuisance alarms. This paper presents the design and implementation of a multi-sensor fire detection and notification system using fuzzy logic. The microcontroller processes data from an MQ2 smoke sensor, a TMP102 temperature sensor and a DFRobot flame sensor using a fuzzy logic algorithm to determine the fire status.
This paper present the proper input pattern of fuzzy logic algorithm for fault type classification in underground cable. The proposed algorithm using combination of discrete wavelet transform (DWT) and fuzzy logic. The DWT is applied to extract high frequency component from fault current waveform using mother wavelet daubechies4 (db4). The maximum coefficients detail of DWT and maximum ratio of DWT, obtained from phase A, B, C and zero sequence of fault current waveforms have been used as an input variables for decision algorithm. The obtained results in term of average accuracy have shown that the maximum ratio of DWT can achieved satisfactory accuracy in fault type classification.
This research proposes a method for optimizing the membership functions of type-2 fuzzy systems based on their level of uncertainty. The proposed new method of optimization considers three different cases of uncertainty (Footprint of Uncertainty) and obtains an optimal type-2 fuzzy system. Such cases have been called Case 1, Case 2 and Case 3. The first case is distinguished by having the same footprint of uncertainty for all existing membership functions of the fuzzy system inputs. The second case has a different footprint of uncertainty for the different inputs. And finally, the third case, which has a different footprint of uncertainty for each membership function of each input. The experimental results were tested in modular neural networks for multimodal biometry.
MARA Junior Science College (MRSM) Lenggong is one of the educational institutes under Majlis Amanah Rakyat (MARA). Based on the current academic performance and selected criteria of 6A's in the Penilaian Menengah Rendah (PMR, now it is known as PT3), rationally there should be no reason for the failure to achieve excellent results in the Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM). However, every time the results are announced, the average school achievement grade (GPS) does not meet the performance goals of an average grade of 1.00 for PMR and below 2.00 for SPM, even though it has been in operation for 10 years. Therefore, this research aimed at identifying the influencing factors that affected the students' academic performance. Early prediction is one of the strategies performed in order to improve the students' performance. Neural network and fuzzy logic models are used to realize the accurate prediction based on three factors namely demography, academic and co-curricular activities, including a combination of all three factors. Demography, academic and co-curricular information for the year 2008 to 2010 SPM candidates of MRSM Lenggong are the data sample used. It can be concluded that the prediction outcome using the neural network model shows that the academic factor influences the students' academic performance with the prediction accuracy around 93.65%. Meanwhile, the fuzzy logic model gives an opposite result, where the students' academic performance has also been influenced by the demography factor with an accuracy of 87.00%. Although different techniques yield different results, it is undeniable that the combination of demography and academic factors establishes a solid outcome in identifying the students' present and future academic performances.
This paper proposes fuzzy logic controller algorithm for quadrotor hovering mode. The input of this fuzzy logic controller is height and height changes. Triangular membership function are used to process these inputs. The membership function output is then applied to maintain the quadrotor hover position. Simulation results show that quadrotor has zero steady state error with setting time of 15 seconds.
A generalization of the Zadeh's fuzzy sets and Antanassov's intuitionistic fuzzy - "Picture fuzzy set" have defined in 2013. This concept is particularly effective in decision making problems, such as voting, solutions choice, financial forecasting, estimating risks in business, etc. This promotes vigorously the construction of the picture fuzzy theory: 1) picture fuzzy operators on picture fuzzy sets, 2) picture fuzzy relations, 3) picture fuzzy soft sets. In this paper, we have investigated main fuzzy logic operators: negations, conjunctions, disjunctions and implications on picture fuzzy sets. As combined with picture fuzzy operators by De Morgan triples, we have also constructed main operations for fuzzy inference processes in picture fuzzy systems.
The merging of the abilities of controllers and optimization algorithms to have a better optimized controller has shown a great enhancement in terms of all performance aspects for controlling complex systems. The purpose of this research paper is to tune fuzzy logic controller (FLC) for quadcopter indoor trajectory tracking control by various optimization techniques to create a hybrid FLC and highlight the performance of each optimization algorithm, giving a comparison between them to find out the best hybrid controller. Three of the most spreading algorithms in optimization field are tuning FLC, and they are genetic algorithm, particle swarm optimization, and artificial bee colony. All optimization algorithms are subjected to the same goal, which is finding the optimal tuning for FLC for trajectory tracking control, and the same constraints as laptop specifications, number of population, stop criteria, and objective function. Generally, the comparison between the hybrid controllers and manually tuned FLC shows that the performance is dramatically boosted, and specifically, based on the performance measurements taken, fuzzy logic-based particle swarm optimization controller is the best hybrid controller for quadcopter trajectory tracking control.
Healthcare sector quality demands are exponentially rising to design expert systems for medical diagnosis. Likewise there is growing capture of biological, clinical, administrative data and integration of distributed and heterogeneous databases. Those previous mentioned branches create a completely new base for medical quality and cost management. In this paper fuzzy logic model is designed and practically tested. A group of 105 patients is use to develop this model and another group of same count patients was used to test it. All results are compared using fuzzy logic model in MATLAB.
An integrated control law is presented considering a nonlinear model of generic hypersonic vehicle as a plant. Based on dynamic inverse theory, the nonlinear model is transformed into an equivalent affine system. Then a dynamic inverse controller could be designed according to the equivalent system. What's more, two fuzzy logic regulars are used to adapt control parameters on line, and the fuzzy rules are optimized based on a genetic algorithm. Simulation results show that the above method can provide satisfied robustness, smooth commands and rapid convergence of the fuzzy rules.
The rainflow algorithm is one of the most commonly used tools for studying stress conditions of a wide variety of systems, including power electronics devices and electrochemical batteries. One of the main drawbacks of the algorithm is the trade-off between data compression and the loss of information when classifying the stress cycles into a finite amount of histogram bins. This paper proposes a novel approach for classifying the stress cycles by using fuzzy logic in order to reduce the quantization error of the traditional histogram-based analysis. The method is tested by comparing the accumulated damage estimations of two support-vector regression algorithms when trained with each type of cycle-counting procedure. NASA’s randomized battery usage data set is used as source of stress data. A 50% error reduction was observed when using the fuzzy logic-based approach compared to the traditional one. Thus, the proposed method can effectively improve the accuracy of diagnosis algorithms without penalizing their performance and memory-saving features.
Many automation and monitoring systems in agriculture do not have a calculation system for watering based on weather. Of these issues, will be discussed weather prediction system using fuzzy logic algorithm for supporting General Farming Automation. The weather calculation system works by taking a weather prediction data from the Weather Service Provider (WSP). Furthermore, it also retrieves soil moisture sensor value and rainfall sensor value. After that, the system will calculate using fuzzy logic algorithm whether the plant should be watered or not. The weather calculation system will help the performance of the General Farming Automation Control System in order to work automatically. So, the plants still obtain water and nutrients intake are not excessive.
This paper presents a fuzzy logic control strategy for control and stabilization of TWIPR. The TWIPR considered in the study comprises of a robot chassis mounted on two movable wheels. The research objective is to stabilize the system within desired time, overshoot and steady state error. The Matlab Simulink model of the system was built using mathematical equations derived from Newton's second law of motion. Gbell MF's has been used for designing of fuzzy logic controllers (FLC's) for TWIPR. The simulation results proved the validity of the proposed technique.
Nowadays, the importance of wireless technologies is increasing rapidly. Next generation wireless networks concept proposes a heterogeneous structure, consists of different wireless technologies, in order to provide quality of service (QoS) supported and cost efficient connections at anywhere and anytime. Since different wireless technologies overlap with each other, one of the most challenging topics for next generation wireless networks is handoff. Several parameters, pertaining to user/application requirements and network conditions, such as; data rate, service cost, network latency, speed of mobile, and etc. must be considered in handoff process of heterogeneous networks along with RSSI information. In this paper, an adaptive fuzzy logic based vertical handoff decision making algorithm is presented for wireless overlay networks which consist of GSM/GPRS/Wi-Fi/UMTS/WiMAX technologies. Data rate, monetary cost, speed of mobile, battery level and RSSI parameters are considered as inputs of the proposed fuzzy based system. The results show that, proposed adaptive fuzzy based algorithm can provide enhanced outcomes for both user and network.
The Internet of Things is a scientific development that promises to optimize life based on intelligent sensors and devices working together on the Internet. Soil Moisture sensor and DHTII sensor are sensors in the microcontroller to detect Soil Moisture conditions and temperature conditions in the environment. Fuzzy logic is a method that can be used as a rule-based decision-making process by using logical equations from case identification to solve non-linear problems. Based on the results of the research that has been done, it can be concluded that applying the Fuzzy Sugeno method to soil moisture and environmental temperature obtained 90% results in 60 tests.
Nowadays, land for farming in urban areas is decreasing. One of the efforts to grow crops in such urban areas is to build a greenhouse. To ensure the good growth of plants in the greenhouse, the light intensity and humidity in the greenhouse area should be kept in proper condition. This paper describes the design of a fuzzy logic controller to maintain the light intensity and humidity in a prototype greenhouse at a certain setpoint. The input variables for the fuzzy inference system consist of light intensity and humidity, while the output variables are the duration of watering and ultraviolet LEDs. The input and output variables are represented by five fuzzy sets respectively with certain trapezoidal and triangular membership functions. Meanwhile, monitoring the condition of the greenhouse using the LoRa communication protocol. Experimental results show that the Mamdani fuzzy inference system for this greenhouse system can regulate the light intensity and humidity effectively with a maximum overshoot of about 17.5 % and a settling time of approximately 4 hours, whereas the maximum achievable range for transmitting data with the LoRa communication protocol is about 520 m.
Nowadays nonlinear loads are increasing day by day due to industriliasation. Power quality problems increases due to these nonlinear loads. Major power quality problem is the current harmonics. Shunt active filter (SHAF) is used to reduce the current harmonics. Response and the accuracy of filter depends on the method used for the extraction of reference current. A new topology has been proposed in this this paper to minimize the current harmonics by controlling shunt active filter using fuzzy logic controller (FLC) with instantaneous active and reactive current theory (id and id) within the limit of IEEE Std. 519. Under different supply voltage conditions simulation is done with fuzzy logic controller and synchronous reference frame technique. To analyze the performance of SHAF three phase four wire (3P4W) system is considered. Simulation result shows that Fuzzy controller technique gives the best performance under balanced and unbalanced voltage conditions.
Single photon avalanche diode (SPAD) is a temperature sensitive device. Even a slight variation of temperature can cause unstable performance in quantum efficiency, responsitivity and dark counts. Due to these reasons, unstable temperature could cause overall poor performance of SPAD. It is common for thermoelectric cooler (TEC) to be used as cooling of photodetectors. SPAD was mounted onto the TEC where it needs to be maintained at a constant low temperature under variation of ambient temperature. The system is simulated using Fuzzy Logic Toolbox in MATLAB Simulink. Simulated using P-type fuzzy logic with the set point temperature of -20°C and ambient temperature of 16°C, produce a result of -19.44°C. The P-type fuzzy logic control design has shown a good overall performance where the steady state error is ±0.56°C, which is equivalent to ±2.8% and the settling time for the output simulation, ts, is 35.91s.
The climate change scenarios developed by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) indicate a wide range of future concentration of greenhouse gases and the corresponding range of temperature increases. From these data, it can be inferred that higher temperature increases are directly related to higher emission levels of greenhouse gases and to the increase in their atmospheric concentrations. It is also evident that lower temperature increases are related to smaller amounts of emissions and, therefore, to lower greenhouse gases concentrations. In this work, simple linguistic rules are extracted by means of visual inspection of the IPCCs Fourth Assessment Report. These rules describe the relations between the greenhouse gases emissions, their concentrations, the radiative forcing associated with concentrations, and the corresponding temperature changes as would be obtained by expert opinion. These rules are used to build a fuzzy model, which uses emission and concentration values of greenhouse gases as input variables and gives, as output, the temperature increase projected at year 2100. A second fuzzy model based on Zadeh's extension principle is also build using temperature values obtained from a simple, deterministic climate system model. Both fuzzy models are very attractive because their simplicity and capability to integrate the uncertainties associated to the input and output variables. These simple models contain all the information of much more complex determinist models, characteristics that make easier to understand the behavior of the system and help to produce climate change scenarios that could be more meaningful for policy-makers.
In conditions of global competition, human capital becomes an essential factor in company's activities. To keep pace with up-to-date technology enhancements and changes, it is important to select the right employee for a specific position. There are professional HR departments in many large companies to deal with this problem. However, there is still misunderstanding, especially regarding the necessary changes in job and position profiles. The selection of personnel determines its quality and plays a decisive role in the successful implementation of company's tasks. The personnel selection problem was widely studied. The selection of the best employee among a great number of alternative job seekers is a multicriteria decision-making problem. Handling uncertainty in real-world problems was a long-term research task that has generated various methodologies and theories. Fuzzy decision-making, including extensions, has provided a wide range of tools that can handle uncertainty in various types of problems. Fuzzy decision-making methods are becoming increasingly popular in personnel selection decision-making. This paper covers the problem of personnel selection using fuzzy logic on the example of the computer subdivision of the company. Contrary to the traditional use of this technology with a single parameter as output, the article describes the formation of three output variables. By analogy with radio engineering terminology, this problem can be characterized as Many Inputs-Many Outputs (MIMO). The problem was solved in MatLab 2018b software package and brought to its logical conclusion.
Shunt active power filter, when used with nonlinear loads, provides an elegant solution for reactive power compensation as well as harmonic mitigation leading to improvement in power quality. The present study deals with fuzzy logic control and neuro fuzzy control for Shunt active power filter. Neuro fuzzy logic has improved THD when compared to fuzzy logic controller and it is demonstrated through simulation results.
This paper presents a fuzzy logic controller for the closed loop control of BLDC motor. The fuzzy logic controller is developed using a fuzzy logic toolbox in MATLAB. Also here a single current sensor technique is proposed for closed loop current control. For closed loop current control of BLDC motor, the motor phase currents are measured using current sensors. These sensors are expensive and the use of different current sensors can cause undesirable imbalance in phase currents due to differences in current sensor sensitivities. These drawbacks can be avoided by using a single current sensor placed on the DC link. Here an algorithm is presented to obtain the phase current values from the DC link current. The proposed system was simulated using MATLAB/Simulink, with PI and fuzzy logic speed controllers. The simulation result shows that, the fuzzy logic controller gives better performance than PI controller. The hardware implementation of the fuzzy logic controller is done using PIC16F877A. The hardware results show that the fuzzy logic controller gives a smooth speed control.
The use of computer technologies applying combined systems of convolutional neural networks and fuzzy logic in the analysis of casting images for detecting and classifying hot cracks represents an innovative approach in foundry production, possessing significant potential for solving quality and safety issues of products. Trained on large and diverse sets of casting images, these systems are capable of identifying hot cracks, recognizing their unique characteristics such as shape, size, and orientation. This is achieved through targeted study of patterns inherent in hot cracks and their comparison with an extensive database of images. The presence of noise, artifacts, or blurred crack boundaries in images can complicate the task of classification and analysis. Fuzzy logic is employed to allow the system to more flexibly interpret data, assessing the degree of uncertainty and ambivalence in the information.
In the Philippines, agriculture plays a vital role. Mangoes are exported to 48 nations throughout the world. The Philippines ranks 7th in the world in mango output. An electronic nose that can distinguish between ripe and unripe Mangifera Indica is the primary goal of this research. The gases generated by the mango will be used to determine the ripeness of the mango utilizing MQ sensors. The Fuzzy Logic Algorithm can tell the difference between ripe and unripe mangoes. Future researchers that employ and improve the use of Electronic Nose in other applications will benefit from this research. This system can be used to determine whether a mango is unripe or ripe. The focus of the characterization will be on the results of our research's testing component. Because the electronic nose and fuzzy logic algorithm will be used for characterization and categorization. The MQ sensors were used to detect chemicals released by the Mangifera Indica, according to the researchers. Unripe mangoes were identified with an accuracy of 93.33 percent, whereas ripe mangoes were identified with an 86.67 percent accuracy. The system's total accuracy is 90 percent.
The security level is very important in Bluetooth, because the network or devices using secure communication, are susceptible to many attacks against the transmitted data received through eavesdropping. The cryptosystem designers needs to know the complexity of the designed Bluetooth E0. And what the advantages given by any development performed on any known Bluetooth E0 Encryption method. The most important criteria can be used in evaluation method is considered as an important aspect. This paper introduce a proposed fuzzy logic technique to evaluate the complexity of Bluetooth E0 Encryption system by choosing two parameters, which are entropy and correlation rate, as inputs to proposed fuzzy logic based Evaluator, which can be applied with MATLAB system.
The lifting of sediments at the bottom of the reservoir caused by vertical currents causes rapid mass mortality of fish. The sediment, which is mostly fish excrement and feed residue, causes the dissolved oxygen (DO) content in the water surface to drop dramatically from the normal value of 3-6 mg / L to below 1 mg / L. This vertical current condition is referred to as upwelling of the reservoir. The occurrence of upwelling in freshwater waters can be predicted from factors of difference in surface temperature and under surface temperatures, DO levels and pH levels. Upwelling will occur if the temperature difference between surface temperature and underwater temperature reaches > 5°C for more than 11 hours. The system for detecting upwelling is built on Internet of Things (IoT) communications by utilizing a fuzzy logic decision system. The reading of data from temperature, DO, and pH sensors is sent to the microcontroller device and delivered to the end user via the Internet network. Fuzzy logic implanted on microcontroller device to get the decision condition is not upwelling, potentially upwelling, and upwelling occurs. Upwelling detection systems are tested in reservoirs and in test environments. From the test results the system successfully read data, process data, and send to users without any data lost or damaged.
Most of the higher education institutions in the world have already been evaluating their strategies of enhancing the employability of their students and introducing different ways to improve and strengthen it. Identifying student's employability and recommend the areas for improvement before graduation will increase the chance to be employed if the students developed their employability skills. That is why in this paper the rule-based algorithm that is commonly used in developing a recommender system were replaced by Fuzzy logic based because rule-based cannot eliminate the ambiguity issues in decision-making, whether they are hirable or not before graduation. Various factors may affect the employability of undergraduate students. In this paper, the employability prediction and recommender system for students were built using fuzzy logic to resolve the issue. The most significant attributes that affect the undergraduate students' employability were determined using feature selection filtering techniques and used as inputs. The result shows that the developed fuzzy model performs a high predictive accuracy based on the computed mean absolute error (MAE) and root-mean-square error (RMSE) scores which decrease from the training to the validation and test sets.
In this paper, a densely clustered controllable precision based fuzzy logic algorithm for maximum power point tracking of a high capacity PV panel has been thoroughly developed. Slow transient response time as well as reliability problem of traditional fuzzy logic based MPPT algorithms have been successfully encountered in this paper. A high precision convergence of maximum power point tracking can be achieved with some trade-off between settling time in case where high power PV cell is being used. Performance of the proposed algorithm has been simulated in MATLAB / PSIM using the datasheet of MSX60 standard solar panel module. The algorithm has been written in a compatible mode for microcontrollers.
In this paper, a fuzzy logic approach (Type-1 Fuzzy Logic Classifier (T1FLC)) is proposed to improve flight recognition ratio. On a basis of measurements, we acquire the high range resolution profiles (HRRP) of three types of air targets, namely F-15, Tu-16 and AH-64. The length and the difference between the two adjacent HRRPS are extracted as two antecedents for the T1FLC. Gaussian membership functions (MFs) are compared with triangle and trapezoidal MFs for the target recognition performance at different constant false alarm rate (CFAR) and signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). Simulation results show that by combining various features of HRRP, our T1FLC can provide a high recognition ratio for different flight targets with robust performance to some extent.
In this research, the application of regional zoning was conducted using fuzzy logic and GIS in the Majene Regency area. This study identifies the susceptibility level of landslides in 8 sub-districts and 82 villages within Majene Regency. The system consists of 24 rule components and adopts a Multi Input Single Output (MISO) system structure, with 6 inputs and one output. The input parameters utilized include rainfall, slope steepness, slope elevation, distance to the highway, land use, and soil type. Relevant data was transformed into raster format within the Geographic Information System (GIS) framework and employed as the dataset. A total of 65,534 data points were processed using fuzzy logic algorithms. Out of the 15 observed villages, seven exhibited very high vulnerability, three villages showed a high susceptibility level, three villages displayed moderate susceptibility, and two other villages demonstrated low susceptibility levels. This research visualizes susceptibility levels on a map based on longitude and latitude coordinates for risk mitigation planning. Measures such as land use regulation, slope reinforcement, and early warning systems are required to safeguard the community and environment from potential landslide disasters in the future. These actions also contribute to the sustainability and security of the region against serious natural disaster threats.
Condition monitoring of transformer oil is necessary for every aspect which leads to failure of its insulation properties before the fault has occurred. In this paper, the failure levels are characterized based on physical, chemical, electrical and mechanical parameters as they are responsible for stresses occurring in the oil. Fuzzy logic model is developed for every individual parameter which includes FRA, DGA, Water Content, Acidity, Interfacial Tension, UV/VIS Spectrophotometry, Partial Discharge, Breakdown Voltage, Furan Content as a sub-model and since all these parameters contribute as a single unit in degradation of oil, an integrated fuzzy logic model is created by assimilating all the fuzzy sub-models to know the criticality of transformer oil more accurately so that timely preventive actions can be taken before the actual fault occurs.
This paper proposes a granular synthesis technique constrained to musical harmony theory that uses fuzzy logic to playback small portions of sound called grains. The algorithm distributes the grains in a two-dimensional space according to a musical structure shaped by a chord progression. Grains are playback in a timed sequence adjusted to a rhythmical pattern sorted by a fuzzy logic method that considers the energy and frequency of each grain across a defined harmonic environment. Tests regarding the distribution of grains and the generated sounds are performed to compare the effects of different keynotes in the musical structure, as well as considering the sound sources from where the grains were originally taken.
This paper proposes a design and implementation of an autonomous multi agent system (MAS) for optimal micro grid (MG) scheduling energy control based on fuzzy logic decision. The complexity of climate makes renewable energy source included in a micro grid, difficult to be scheduled with traditional energy sources in centralized system. Furthermore the scheduling depend on energy sources constraints and market price changing extend the environment uncertainty and imprecision. The proposed approach is designed in order to satisfy load while trying to optimize the total operating cost. The micro grid considered in this paper consists of a wind turbine (WT), a photovoltaic (PV), a fuel cell (FC), micro turbine (MT) and battery storage. A detailed multi agent system based on fuzzy logic control demonstrates its reliability in meeting all the requirements of the system. The result analysis shows that the proposed method is beneficial to handle the problem of scheduling energy through micro grid better than centralized system.
Wireless body area networks (WBANs) demand extreme low power and energy efficient protocols. Medium access control (MAC) layer plays a pivotal role for energy management in WBANs. Moreover, idle listening is the dominant energy waste in most of the MAC protocols. We have proposed an adaption of energy efficient dynamic MAC protocol using fuzzy logic controller (FLC) for WBANs that is named as Fuzzy_TADMAC protocol. In this protocol depend on dynamic adaption of fuzzy wakeup acknowledgement based on traffic status register. We provide in this protocol to reduce the energy consumption in different states through two radio chips (i.e. BAN radio, CC2420 radio) so that result is optimized for energy consumption. This protocol is implemented in OMNET++ simulator through Castalia to set the simulation time 40 second, finally to compare Fuzzy_TADMAC with the existing protocol under two radio chips through different states.
This paper implemented wavelet transforms integrated with a fuzzy logic system to classify all 11 types of faults in transmission line without compensation. The proposed scheme uses only two successive cycles (one cycle pre and one cycle post fault samples) of the three phase current signals to estimate ground current signal at one end. Energy is obtained by decomposition of discrete wavelet transforms using Haar mother wavelet. Then, a novel feature selection technique based on differential wavelet energy is implemented in wavelet components in the sort of 1 KHz- 2 KHz. Finally, optimal features are normalized and fed to fuzzy logic for classification tasks. The possibility of the proposed scheme is tested in a 400-kV, 300 km long transmission line under different simulation conditions using MATLAB software. The results show that the planned scheme can acceptably classify all fault types with wide distinctions in system settings and in noisy environment.
SVPWM algorithm is used to control a voltage source inverter fed indirect vector controlled induction motor drive to have optimum use of the dc bus voltage and maximum output torque. In indirect vector control method, Type-2 fuzzy logic based speed and current controllers replace the conventional PI based speed and current controllers to achieve good dynamic performance, to minimize the torque ripple during transient and steady state conditions. For Type-2 fuzzy set the third facet Footprint of Uncertainty (FOU) provides additional degree of freedom to handle uncertainties improving the dynamic performance of induction motor. The performance of the drive is investigated at no-load and step change in load. The THD values of line voltage and stator current of motor along with source current THD and the device current ripple of the two-level inverter are compared between conventional PI and Type-2 Fuzzy logic based controllers.
Early tumor detection is a vital issue and tumor position, tumor area, and tumor categories evaluation are also mandatory concerns for the proper medication. This paper proposes fuzzy logic based tumor classification method which can identify the tumor position as well. A database is prepared with normal and tumor affected brain MRI images. The integration of Temper based K-means and modified Fuzzy C-means (TKFCM) clustering algorithm is used to segment the MRI images regarding gray level intensity in small portion of brain images. The values of K which signifies the number of classifying contour in Temper based K-means algorithm is more than the conventional one and automatically updated membership of FCM eradicates the contouring problem between these two methods. Then, from the segmented images two types of features, i.e., first order statistic features and region property based features are extracted. The first features are used to detect and isolate tumor and second kind features are used to design Fuzzy expert logic with 93 rules to classify the tumor. In this process three inputs and one output variable are used with several membership functions to obtain the six categories of tumor. The orientation of the tumor provides position of tumors. The performance parameters of the proposed algorithm show substantial results which are effective in classifying tumors in multiple intensity based brain MRI image.
This paper describes the development of E-Puck mobile robot obstacle avoidance controller using fuzzy logic control and artificial neural network. Fuzzy logic control is used to collect data from the environment based on infrared sensor and then fed them into artificial neural network for training process. The simulation softwares used in this research are Webots PRO and MATLAB. The mobile robot is expected to start moving and then exploring the environment from starting point without hitting any obstacles. The obstacles are set to be static in the environment. The mobile robot's performance based on specific rules created was recorded and validated. Overall performance shows that these approaches are efficient to avoid few numbers and shapes of static obstacles in the environment.
In December 2019, a novel coronavirus, called COVID-19 was discovered in the city of Wuhan China, which spread to various cities as well as other countries. At present novel coronavirus has become the most important health hazard, causing severe issues about a concern to the human being and has become a pandemic. Due to the prone of this deadly virus, uncertainty is significantly the facility for a health condition. There are solutions to handle insecurity about health from coronavirus for assessing the condition through FIS (Fuzzy Inference System). Therefore, for this particular reason we study and develop the fuzzy system to help assess the safety of health-related issues of the patient's condition according to the changes of environment. The FIS is permitted to assess the patient's history like temperature of the body, travel history, disinfection frequency, breathing problem, suffering cough and cold and ventilation rate. A fuzzy system consists of several steps like fuzzification, fuzzy database rule and also defuzzification. Furthermore, a study of FIS identifies the risk of health status according to the patient's condition. In this paper, we proposed a fuzzy rule system which is implemented with MATLAB fuzzy tools for simulation to assess the health conditions of the patient and prevention from COVID-19 disease.
This paper introduces a performance comparison of deep-learning and fuzzy-logic algorithms for power system fault detection. The interconnected IEEE 14-bus transmission power network is considered. Ten faults are integrated and simulated using SimPowerSystems toolbox in Matlab. For each fault condition, each bus voltage and current RMS values were measured in order to test both algorithms. Simulation results show the effectiveness of the deep-learning algorithm with a 100% accuracy in predicting faults compared with fuzzy logic.
Monitoring and diagnosis of power circuit breakers represent an important activity for increase the reliability and safety in power system. In order to deal with the uncertain information in the process of diagnosis, the paper presents a diagnosis system based on fuzzy logic which has the role to acquire information about the monitored equipment for faults detection. Also, the paper describe the LabVIEW software application based on fuzzy logic used for diagnosis of power circuit breakers which enable to generate alarms when something it is wrong with the electrical equipment.
At present, most watering is done manually. This has several disadvantages, such as requiring human labour to do watering, watering time, and difficulty monitoring soil moisture and air temperature needed by plants, especially broccoli plants. Based on this, we create an automatic watering plant model using fuzzy logic algorithms and a simple monitoring application. The purpose of this study is to provide convenience in carrying out an automatic watering system according to the needs of broccoli plants. This research uses a fuzzy logic algorithm because the broccoli plants that will be watered have unclear soil moisture conditions and air temperature. Arduino Mega2560 is used as its main component, which functions as a microcontroller that controls the sensor/actuator. The DHT11 sensor and the YL-69 sensor are used to detect soil temperature and humidity and the motor driver to control the water volume from the water pump. From the test results, the average% error of the DHT11 sensor with a thermometer is 1.89389%, and the average error of the YL-69 sensor with the calculation of soil moisture is 5.45%. In testing the duration of the watering, an average error testing the watering system based on calculations is 1.209%. The accuracy of the watering test is 98.791%, so the watering test is running well.
This paper presents an orchid disease detection system using image processing and fuzzy logic. The main objective of this paper is to design a system that is able to detect an orchid disease by processing its leaf image. The system consists of two parts, image processing and fuzzy logic. The leaf image processing uses methods like grayscaling, threshold segmentation and noise removing. The data collected from the image processing are the centroid, area and number of diseased spot. These data or numbers is then fed through the fuzzy logic system to be processed through fuzzification, fuzzy inference and defuzzification in order to get the output. The result shows that the orchid disease can be detected by using image processing and fuzzy logic.
Mineral oil is the most commonly used insulating oil in distribution and transmission transformers. It possesses good physical, chemical and insulating properties making it one of the most suitable oils for insulation purpose. However, a few of its properties like low fire point pose serious threats to the electrical power system. Moreover, its nature of nonbiodegradability makes its usage a serious concern and motivates engineers to think about other alternatives to be used as dielectric oils in transformers. Vegetable oils like palm oil, rapeseed oil etc. are being used for the insulation purposes in transformers for over last two decades. In this paper, important parameters such as breakdown voltage, relative permittivity, capacitance and dissipation factor (tan δ) have been studied for different insulator oil samples. The samples are considered as Palm Oil (P.O.), Coconut Oil (C.O.), Rapeseed Oil (R.O.), Sunflower Oil (S.O.), and mineral oil (M.O.). In addition, a fuzzy logic-based approach with total of 729 rules has been developed for the selection of insulating oil based on the given set of oil properties. The results show the validation of the fuzzy logic- based model in selecting the type of oil while comparing it with the experimental results.
Fuzzy logic is a convenient method for expressing vague categories of information and provides the tools for performing logic operations with these information by using of fuzzy sets. In this work, the fuzzy system was developed for analyzing fatigue aspects of the laminated composites used in manufacturing of insulating components of the new generation electrical equipments. Using experimental data as model validation, a fuzzy model was developed for a glass tissue laminated composite. Compare with other methodologies, more information is found in this kind of results, having also a relatively wide applicability.
Fault detection in induction motors is becoming increasingly important. This work presents a method for detecting stator winding faults based on stator current analysis. A fuzzy logic approach is used to make decisions about the state of the stator winding. It is based on knowledge expressed in rules and membership functions, which describe the behavior of the stator winding. MATLAB SIMULINK's simulation of the fuzzy logic algorithm to detect and analyze the electrical faults of the motor shows the effectiveness of the proposed method.
Fuzzy logic based controllers for various applications have been largely acknowledged due to their robust performance and model-free characteristics. Popularity of induction motors in major industrial applications has inspired the application of Fuzzy logic based controllers in control industrial drives. This paper presents the study of different topologies of Fuzzy logic based controller for the speed control of induction motors. The analysis is being done in MATLAB/SIMULINK environment. The performance of the controllers has been compared with conventional PI controller for different operating conditions and results has been presented.
In this paper, we address the tracking control problems of a robotic system with uncertain dynamics. To cope with the problem of the unknown nonlinear function terms in the system and improve the robustness, adaptive fuzzy logic control is proposed for an approximation of uncertain parameters to achieve the control objectives. Furthermore, both non-constraint and output constraint are considered in the control design. Based on the Lyapunov theory, the stability of the closed-loop system is proved via choosing appropriate parameters. A tan-type barrier Lyapunov technique has been presented to ensure overall closed-loop system achieve uniformly ultimate bounded for output constraint. Tracking performance is guaranteed under the condition of output constraint and unknown parameters. Some numerical simulation results and discussions show the effectiveness of the proposed fuzzy logic strategy.
The study proposes an automated vehicle class and color profiling system to specifically have distinct information on any apprehended car in an intelligent traffic system. The problem arises from the fact that traffic enforcers are sometimes unreliable with apprehending cars due to the lack of information on the violator. The solution is an automated system which consists of background difference method, and fuzzy logic to classify these violators. The general process is as follows: a capture picture from a traffic CCTV camera is subjected to a car detection process, and then the fuzzy inference systems are run to find the class and color of the car, and finally display a cropped picture of it along with the said descriptions. The automated car profiling system was found to have an accuracy of 99.391% for the classification process while 98.580% for the color profiling process. These results show that the algorithm is well-suited for a reliable implementation on intelligent traffic system.
The purpose of this study was to control nutrient concentrations in hydroponic plants according to predetermined values. If the density is high, dilution is needed, whereas if the density is low, additional nutrients are needed. So far, nutrient concentration monitoring has been carried out using a Total Dissolve Solid (TDS) measuring instrument and done manually. So that if there is a delay, lack or excess of nutrition and water, it will result in not optimal plant growth. The control system uses a controller based on fuzzy logic with the Sugeno method. The input of the controller is error and delta error, while the output of the controller will adjust the angle of the servo motor that drives the nutrient and water valve openings. The test results with an initial concentration value of 400 ppm (below the set point) obtained a settling time at 138 seconds, while the set point was reached at 157 seconds where the output value was 601.26 ppm. For testing with an initial concentration value of 700 ppm (above the set point), the settling time was obtained at 76 seconds and the set point was reached at 143 seconds, namely 601.45 ppm. The system achieves control objectives using a designed fuzzy logic controller
The aim of this paper is to show that fuzzy logic algorithm is a suitable control technique for fast processes such as electrical machines. This theory has been experimented in our laboratory on different kinds of electrical machines such as stepping motors, dc motors and induction machines (with 6 phases). The obtained experimental results have underlined the fact that fuzzy logic algorithm is the most suitable control technique for electrical machines since this algorithm is not time consuming and is also robust between plant parameters variations.
Digital images are important source of information used for analysis and interpretation. During image acquisition image is degraded up to some extent. Thus we have to go through the process called image enhancement. It improves the visual appearance of an image. This paper presents a technique for image enhancement using artificial neural network and fuzzy logic. It denoise and enhance an image when it is corrupted by different noises such as salt and pepper, gaussian and non-gaussian noises. In Image analysis, denoising and enhancing are most important pre-processing and post-processing steps. Several filters have been illustrated till date but have many limitations. In the proposed technique, Artificial neural network determines type of noises whereas Fuzzy logic used for denoising and enhancement purpose. Experimental results shows the effectiveness of the proposed method by quantitative analysis and visual illustration. Several parameters like PSNR, MSE, AD, NAE are used for performance evaluation.
Traveling has become an essential aspect of modern life, with electric bicycles (E-bicycles) witnessing widespread adoption due to their eco-friendliness and energy-efficient operation. This research paper introduces an innovative method to improve the control system of E-bicycles by incorporating a controller that operates without a throttle. By combining the power of fuzzy logic and deep learning, we aim to eliminate the need for throttle input and conventional switching modes, ultimately enhancing rider experience and optimizing battery consumption. Our proposed controller integrates load, velocity, and gradient sensors to gather real-time data, and employs a fuzzy logic-based decision-making mechanism to regulate the motor's power output. This approach demonstrates the potential to revolutionize E-bicycle control, offering smoother rides and reduced energy consumption.
This paper presents a fuzzy logic-based formation control scheme for a group of wheeled mobile robots. A new control logic is proposed to counter the problem of formation shape control. Two separate fuzzy logic controllers for direct go-to-goal and collision avoidance are developed for two different behaviors of mobile robots. The details of the data base and rule base of the fuzzy logic controllers are provided. A simple switch is used to fuse these two logics. The comprehensive simulation details with results are presented, where the robots' trajectories are investigated carefully. Thus, the performance of the developed algorithm has been successfully tested through computer simulations.
This paper presents a residential solar grid connected inverter with analysis of DC-DC converter based on fuzzy logic. The performance of the fuzzy logic algorithm is simulated in Matlab. The fuzzy logic algorithm used in this paper avoids the problem of ongoing tracking oscillations encountered with other types of popular Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) techniques like P&O (Perturb and Observe), Hill-climbing and incremental conductance method. Maximum Power Point Tracking is a method of delivering maximum power from solar panels to the grid by commonly known method as impedance matching. The simulation shows that for arbitrary points of irradiance and temperature the absolute tracking error is less than or equal to 1.4%. The proposed fuzzy logic MPPT only computes duty cycle above 500 W/m2; which is not critical for a solar generation as the proposed algorithm functions well in daylight conditions.
The development of a fire fighting robot requires a fire detector with high accuracy, which is influenced by the input signal received from the sensor. It was embedded in the robot. The fire fighting robot requires a control method used by the robot in the fire detection process. In this study, the flame detector KY -026 ultrasonic was installed on the front of the robot and used Arduino MEGA 2560 as the microcontroller. In order to make the robot movement more stable when detecting fire, a Fuzzy Logic controls the fan and DC motor PWM. Testing Fuzzy Logic on the robot is carried out with the condition that the robot detects fire on a candle with a distance of 20 cm for the ultrasonic sensor and the ADC value of 300 for the flame detector. It compared the output of the fire fighting robot based on Fuzzy Logic with the output from manual calculations, simulation calculations, and robot system calculations. It is obtained that Fuzzy Logic has been successfully implemented on firefighting robots.
This Direct torque control strategy involves the estimation of stator flux and electromagnetic torque based on measured of stator currents and voltages of motor drives. Based on the errors between the reference and estimated values of mentioned variables, it’s possible to control directly the inverter states in order to reduce the control variables errors within the prefixed limits of hysteresis bands. Moreover, there is no difference in control action between big and small torque errors, due to the nature of hysteresis control adopted in classical DTC strategy. An ultimate solution is to divide the torque error into different intervals and gives different control voltages for each of them. To deal with this purpose, two fuzzy logic controllers for both motor speed and torque are proposed along with DTC strategy. So, the principle and tuning procedure of the fuzzy logic DTC scheme are investigated, to improve the system performance providing fast dynamic responses and reduced torque ripples and current distortions.
Recently there have been different methods to evaluate the edge detection of an image; most of them measure the similarity with respect to a reference image. In this paper we show the design and tests of a new method for edge detectors evaluation consisting of an interval type-2 fuzzy inference system, which inputs correspond to a combination of parameters that represent the most influential characteristics of an edge image according on previous experience. Each of these selected parameters was selected from existing methods for evaluation of edge detection. This new method is able to evaluate any edge detection process, including the traditional and fuzzy methods, but it was applied in synthetic images because of the need of an edge reference image for the input parameters calculation.
The MPPT (Maximum Power Point Tracking) control topology based on Fuzzy logic, and analysis of the Vienna Rectifier for the small-scale Wind Turbine System (WTS) is proposed in this paper. The PMSG (Permanent Magnet Synchronous Generator) of the WTS generates the output power that is fluctuated due to irregular wind velocity, which has to be controlled for the smooth output power. Many controlstrategies are projected by the researchers for the settled power output, but the conventional control techniques getting more complex. One of the simple and robust methods that enable for the MPPT is fuzzy logic control. The above mechanism regulates the speed of PMSG and the DC power output. Moreover, it is engaged in the parameter optimization and the speed control of the PMSG. A fuzzy logic MPPT controller based Vienna Rectifier is used in this paper for a 1kW WTS with improved efficiency and reduced harmonics, and the results are justified using MATLAB/Simulink.
This paper presents a fuzzy logic method and experiment to determine distribution power systems big data integrity. The method is applied on a South African power systems network loading measurements data. Simulation results show fuzzy logic as an efficient strategy in determining loading data integrity in comparison to a traditional approach of manual human analysis. In addition, the proposed strategy consumes less time relative to this traditional manual data analysis method of using plots for visual inspection, load balancing and data files cross-checking.
Rainfall prediction is of paramount importance for a wide range of applications, including agriculture, water resource management, and disaster preparedness. Traditional numerical models, while effective, still face challenges hindering the accuracy, accessibility, and effectiveness of rainfall predictions. As such, this study aims at developing a simple model for rainfall prediction in New Delhi, India using Mamdani fuzzy inference system. The meteorological parameters considered for rainfall modeling in this study encompass temperature, atmospheric pressure, humidity levels, dew point, and wind speed. The dataset used in this study is from the Delhi Weather Data dataset. The model was able to achieve an accuracy of 63.29%, precision of 62.44%, recall of 66.7% and F1 score of 64.49%.
Edge detection is an essential step used in image processing systems and can be applied to image sets before the training phase in pattern recognition systems to improve performance. An edge detector simplifies the analysis of the images; because, it reduces the data to be processed by highlighting the most important features. In this paper we show the advantage of using a fuzzy edge detector method in a face recognition system. In the proposed methodology, first the general type-2 fuzzy edge detector was applied over three image databases; secondly the recognition system was implemented using a monolithic neural network, and after that the mean recognition rate was obtained; finally the recognition rate is compared to other edge detectors, such as the Sobel operator, Type-1 and Interval Type-2 fuzzy edge detectors.
Autonomous mobile robots have in recent times gained interest from many researchers. A reliable collision avoidance methodology is needed for effective navigation. Normally robots are fitted with transducers such as ultrasonic sensors, infrared and camera for detecting environment. However, they are usually unreliable because of pertinent problems of dealing with vagueness in the surroundings. Many researcher present three input Fuzzy Controller for obstacle avoidance robots usually resulting in dead zone and difficulties in avoiding obstacles. A fusion model using Fuzzy logic is proposed. It uses eight input distance sensors, two output variables and twenty seven fuzzy rules for robot navigation. Simulations are performed to validate feasibility and efficacy of proposed model using V-REP and MATLAB software.
Controlling nonstrict-feedback nonlinear systems is a challenging problem in control theory. In this paper, we consider adaptive fuzzy control for a class of nonlinear systems with nonstrict-feedback structure by using fuzzy logic systems. A variable separation approach is developed to overcome the difficulty from the nonstrict-feedback structure. Furthermore, based on fuzzy approximation and backstepping techniques, a state feedback adaptive fuzzy tracking controller is proposed, which guarantees that all of the signals in the closed-loop system are bounded, while the tracking error converges to a small neighborhood of the origin. Simulation studies are included to demonstrate the effectiveness of our results.
Fuzzy logic is being used for cluster head selection in wireless sensor networks in many research works. This paper discusses how choice of fuzzification methods and membership functions affects the performance of clustering. The next contribution is the development of a communication protocol based on fuzzy logic. The purpose is uniform distribution of load over the network so that energy can be saved and life of network can be prolonged. The proposed protocol reduces the frequency of the CH re-election and has therefore a reduced message complexity, reduced number of operations and therefore reduced energy consumption.
The inefficiency in the traffic light timing contributes to road rage and air pollution. In fact it causes high level of stress to people. It is totally dependent upon the number of vehicles arrival at the intersections. In general, the number of vehicles arrival at the intersection is not consistent. For that reason, the fixed traffic light timing scheme is not efficient. The inefficiency of the system is intensified by the rapid increases of vehicles on road that is inconsistent with reassessment of road infrastructures. In some extends cases, traffic officer require to be presented at the intersection to manage the traffic. In this paper, the flexibility on generating of the traffic light switching scheme to adapt the inconsistency in number of vehicles arrival is addressed by the fuzzy logic controller. The experimental design developed for the fixed time and adaptive traffic light system and the results are as presented. Results show that the adaptive traffic light based on fuzzy logic controller has outperformed fixed timing traffic light.
Permanent magnet and induction motors have been used for industrial applications and Electric Vehicles (EV) due to their ideal cost, efficiency, and drive simplicity. However, the auto industry is now starting to replace these machines with reluctance motors that offer better power density, efficiency, and durability. Reluctance motors attract industry interest as they can be manufactured with little to no permanent magnets and possess a lower manufacturing cost than other motor designs. However, these motors are more complex to drive than DC brushed or AC induction motors due to their nonlinear inductance characteristics and resulting high vibration/noise. Due to this, the drive technology to run these motors was not feasible until solid-state switching and microcontrollers became mainstream. The benefits and drawbacks of a three-phase 6/4 60kW Switched Reluctance Motor (SRM) drive using Bang-Bang current control and fuzzy logic control with a separate gate signal blocking module will be studied through MATLAB Simulink. Between the two control logics, the variations in rise and fall time along with the deviation of actual speed from reference motor speed will be compared to see which motor drive logic offers the most ideal performance during gate signal blocking operation. The gate signal blocking module will block the gate signal to the switches at an alternate number of rotor rotations and therefore cause the motor drive to inject more power during rotations of the unblocked gate signal.
Smart Irrigation Decision Support (SIDS) system based on fuzzy logic using Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) is considered for precision water irrigation. WSN consists of limited-energy sensor nodes which are equipped with sensing, wireless communication and processing capabilities. SIDS aims to measure the agricultural parameters including the soil temperature and soil moisture using the sensor nodes. The rate of soil moisture reduction is calculated from the current soil moisture reading and the previous one. These soil temperate and the rate of soil moisture reduction are employed as input parameters for fuzzy logic controller to produce the amount of irrigation time as output parameter. The fuzzy logic rules and linguistic values for the input and output parameters of fuzzy logic are carefully selected with the guide of agricultural experts including the farmers. The experimental results show that by using the SIDS system, the amount of irrigation time is precisely calculated based on the measured agricultural parameters. In addition, the water irrigation utilization is improved.
Network congestion may occur if the network load (the number of packets sent to the network) is greater than the network capacity (the number of packets that the network can handle). When the network becomes congested, performance is fully crumbling, and almost no packets are delivered, in other words, congestion refers to a loss of network performance when the network is heavily loaded. The mechanism that is used to remove congestion by migrating packets from the overloaded nodes to lightly loaded nodes to improve the network performance is called load balancing. In this paper, the load balancing algorithm using fuzzy logic is proposed. The proposed algorithm was simulated utilizing Network Simulator (Version 2). The metrics was utilized capacity and queue size are considered as input for the fuzzy logic and the state of the link was determined as output. The results obtained were compared with the results of the static load balancing algorithm and dynamic load balancing algorithm. The proposed algorithm achieves significant performance improvement with respect to reduce Packets Loss and End to End Delay. Also, the proposed algorithm increases Throughput and Packet Delivery Ratio.
This paper presents the way of implementation of fuzzy set operators at the transistor level. We propose a novel realization of basic fuzzy logic (FL) functions, such as bounded sum, bounded difference, bounded product, bounded complement, fuzzy logic union (MAX) and fuzzy logic intersection (MIN). The proposed structures of the operators may be easily connected in chains, creating larger FL systems.
The production of copra producing tools aims to help make it easier for oil producing industries to obtain ready to use raw materials. The process of making copra using the conventional method is drying the coconuts with the help of sunlight for approximately 5 to 7 days with sunny weather conditions. In the electrical system, the AC to AC Voltage Controller circuit is used with Fuzzy Logic control, and the control system uses the ARM STM32F4VG Discovery microcontroller. The result of copra products using a dryer with Fuzzy Logic control is a process that only takes 18 hours and the level of product quality is more guaranteed both in physical conditions and in laboratory testing.
In this paper, a fuzzy logic controller was design and develop to control the temperature, relative humidity and Carbon Dioxide (CO2) inside the prototype tomato growth chamber. The model was develop to automatically adjust the inside parameters to obtain the optimum tomato plant environment condition. The growth chamber fuzzy logic controller was modeled using the MATLAB fuzzy logic tool box. In this research we design a fuzzy logic controller (FLC) to control the environment parameters in the growth chamber. In order to provide the most suitable conditions for the growth of the tomato plant and might minimize energy consumption.
Vehicular ad-hoc network is an intelligent transportation system and which is used to interconnect a group of vehicles to communicate each other and roadside base stations for smart and well-organized transportation system. This review paper attempts to understand different approaches of fuzzy logic for security, attack issues, and to avoid high traffic at intersection of roads using vehicular ad-hoc network system. Further, various rules involved in the fuzzy logic for different applications have also been discussed. This review paper summarizes security issues, applications of fuzzy logic based vehicular ad-hoc networks and epitomize any slack with these systems in order to ease the possible issues in this intelligent transportation system. The applications discussed in this paper results that the traffic congestion at the intersection of roads can be minimized by applying the fuzzy logic.
Nowadays, the rescue material was air-dropped to a set point exactly with parafoil was a key technology in a disaster or an emergency situation. With this background, a control method was proposed based on the interval type II fuzzy logic, which was according to the parafoil dynamical model with six degrees-of-freedom and combined with the cross track error, also, a new parameter was defined which was used to measure the control precision. The proposed method in this research was used to control the parafoil that air dropped to a fixed set-point. A certain point in the parallel plane was set as the air-dropped target of the parafoil. The inputs of the fuzzy controller were the cross track error and the variation of the error. The outputs were the synchronous control of the left and right motors of the parafoil. Various experiment results verified that the parafoil can be exactly controlled to reach the fixed set point from the different original position with different projection angles.
Today WSNs having different important role in different fields. Generally WSNs consist of thousands of small, cost effective, constrains on memory and processing capabilities to sense data periodically from predefined region. Wireless sensor network deployed in war like area or area in which after deployment of wireless sensor network any change is not possible. So, energy consumption is one of the major issue in wireless sensor networks. Whole network lifetime depend on how efficiently energy consume in sensor network. Sensor nodes organization is based some characteristics in a number of sensor node chunks called cluster. And clustering is used to reduce data communication cost in wireless sensor networks. A node called cluster head is responsible for collecting sensed data from cluster node transmitting to the BS. An effective cluster head selection scheme may reduce the energy consumption and prolong the network life time. In this paper, we introduce a novel CH selection scheme using fuzzy logic concepts. It is non probabilistic cluster head selection scheme. In this fuzzy logic based clustering scheme, parameters used to select cluster head are residual energy, base station distance, concentration, local distance.
The application fields of Hyperspectral Image (HI) analysis has been increasing in the last years because the availability of new devices and public data-sets. There are many published works demonstrating that it is possible to use hyperspectral imagery in order to detect targets and create material maps. Many of the proposed techniques require to have prior knowledge about the number of different materials present into the HI to be analyzed. This paper proposes a novel algorithm, FuzzyVD, to estimate the number of different materials in a given HI, which does not require parameters. The FuzzyVD algorithm provide a new approach to solve this problem and expands the application field of fuzzy logic into the HI analysis. This algorithm has been applied to real and synthetic images and the results conclude its robustness and dependability.
This paper presents a supervisory control system for humanoid robot motion planning. The proposed system is a supervisory structure formed by two hierarchical levels of a discrete event system. The high level system is represented by a Petri net. This Petri net behaves as a supervisor that indicates the sequence of motions that the robot has to make. A robot walking in a closed space forms the lower level. The robot decisions are modeled by a fuzzy logic configuration using a Fuzzy Inference System (FIS).
Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Systems (T2 FLSs) have been commonly attributed with the capability to model various sources of data uncertainties. The input uncertainties of an FLS were modeled using T2 Fuzzy Sets (FSs) and the type-reduced centroid of the output FS was interpreted as a measure of uncertainty associated with the terminal real-valued output. However, the accuracy of this input-output uncertainty modeling has been rarely studied. It is well established that T2 FSs can be understood as a composition of a large number of embedded T1 FSs and thus model the uncertainty of selecting a specific T1 FSs. However, whether the same can be achieved with T2 FLSs can be considered an open question. This paper contributes by presenting a study of the input-output uncertainty modeling capability of Interval T2 (IT2) FLSs. First, the Monte Carlo simulation technique is used to simulate linguistic uncertainties and to compute the aggregated output result. This simulation is then compared to the output bounds provided by the interval centroid computed with IT2 FLS. It is demonstrated that the interval output of the IT2 FLS overestimates the output uncertainty range when compared to the results of the Monte Carlo simulation. To further understand this problem the concept of Equivalent Type-1 FSs is used. Finally, a detailed example is presented to demonstrate why the IT2 fuzzy inference process overestimates the output uncertainty.
This paper describes a method to determine Proportional Integral Derivative (PID) controller parameter using Genetic Algorithm with the Fuzzy Logic controller of temperature control of Stirred Tank Heater. The system design begins with the search for the transfer function on the Stirred Tank Heater. The fuzzy logic system design is used to find the parameters in the Genetic Algorithm is the probability of crossover and the probability of mutation. This parameter is used to find the value of Kp, Ki, and Kd on the PID controller. Based on the experiment, the control system output response reaches error steady state, and overshoot are smaller when the controller is tuned with Genetic Algorithm plus Fuzzy Logic than Ziegler-Nichols method. But in term rise time and settling time, Ziegler-Nichols method is smaller than Genetic Algorithm plus Fuzzy Logic method.
VHDL language imposes some limitations, compared with the flexibility and expressiveness of other fuzzy logic oriented languages. In order to achieve behavioural modelling, a VHDL description style can be used where the system structure description (fuzzy sets, rule base etc.) and the operator description (connectives and fuzzy operations) are defined separately. It allows describing both the fuzzy system structure and the processing algorithm independently. The description format allows the use of linguistic hedges in order to compact the rules defining the system's behaviour. The paper analyses the potential advantages for the use of bespoke high-level descriptions and the feasibility of the translation into a VHDL code with a GUI interface of a controller described by a fuzzy logic oriented language. This study is encased in a particular application: Lithium-Ion Hybrid Super Capacitors management. The Lithium-Ion Hybrid Super Capacitor is a novel technology breaking new ground in the technology sector. The Lithium-Ion Hybrid Super Capacitor (LIHC) is fast evolving as the missing link between the Electric Double Layer Capacitor (EDLC) and the Lithium-Ion Battery (LIB), is a distinct hybrid of the two technologies. To be effective, it requires a management controller, which the paper targets to produce in a VHDL hardware description language.
Active filters are widely used in electrical distribution system for reactive power compensation and voltage / current harmonic elimination. In this paper, a fuzzy logic controlled, three-phase shunt active filter to improve power quality by compensating reactive power and current harmonics required by a nonlinear load is presented. PI regulator is replaced by fuzzy logic controller to improve the dynamic performance of shunt active filter under varying load conditions. The advantage of fuzzy control is that it is based on defined linguistic rules and does not require any mathematical model of the system unlike the other traditional controller. The compensation process is based on source current sensing only, an approach different from conventional methods. The performance of fuzzy logic controller is compared with PI controller under dynamic load conditions. Simulated studies show that fuzzy controller is found suitable for steady state and transient conditions of load.
This paper presents novel LMI-based stability conditions for interval Type-2 Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy logic control systems (IT2 T-S FLCSs). The IT2 T-S FLCSs are composed of an IT2 T-S fuzzy model and IT2 fuzzy controllers. The IT2 T-S fuzzy model could endure model uncertainty contrast to the traditional T-S fuzzy model. In this paper, a new theorem is offered to guarantee that the IT2 T-S FLCS represented a nonlinear plant with uncertainty is globally asymptotically stable. The IT2 T-S fuzzy controllers can be designed by using linear matrix inequality based (LMI-based) stability conditions for the IT2 T-S FLCS in the theorem. The Lyapunov function is applied to deduce these LMI-based robust stability conditions which could be numerically answered employing the Matlab LMI Toolbox. Computer simulation results demonstrate that the submitted LMI-based IT2 T-S fuzzy controllers have better performance than the traditional LMI-based T-S fuzzy controllers.
Electric bike is one of electric vehicle started to developed in much way. Electrical energy converted into mechanical energy used to energy supplies for electric bike, this way energy converting method are more environmental friendly in a while CO2 is one of the biggest pollutant that caused global warming. Electric bikes use battery power as a source of energy. Electric bicycles consist of two main parts, namely bicycles and electrical components. The electric component consists of a 48 volt battery, controller, three phase inverter, microcontroller and a 350 watt BLDC motor that is coupled and connected into a bicycle. Fuzzy logic control used to regulate the soft-starting process on an electric bicycle. The BLDC starting motorbike on an electric bicycle requires currents that reach up to 6 A if not controlled. So it needs to be controlled. After being given fuzzy logic control where the settings are placed at the set speed point, the starting motor current on the electric bicycle without the driver has a value of 0,9 A with a steady state condition of 0,2 A, and when riding the driver weighing 50 Kg, the starting current reaches a value of 3,9 A. the difference in the starting current that is more red when using fuzzy logic control proves that the use of fuzzy logic control programs can make electric bikes soft-start and save energy.
CMRS (Central Mining Research Station) Geomechanical rating of rock mass is a classification system based on the various parameters which was defined by CMRS. The rating system may possess some fuzziness in its practical applications. For example, groundwater seepage and weatherability (measured by I Cycle slake durability) are related by experts in linguistic terms with approximation. Descriptive terms vary from one expert to another, while in the RMR system values which are related to these terms are probably the same. On the other hand, sharp transitions between two classes create uncertainties. So it is proposed to determine new weight interval for these parameters. Fuzzy model based on the Mamdani algorithm was introduced to evaluate proposed weights, so that the linguistic approximation based problem could be solved. Further, experiments are done with some of coal mines areas where this fuzzy based rock mass rating gives more satisfactory result than the existing CMRS rating techniques.
The use of decision making is highly needed to ease teacher in providing a grade. Grade given by the teacher to a student can be optimized by using fuzzy logic. Mamdani fuzzy method is one part of the Fuzzy Inference System that was to create a control system by synthesizing rules obtained from experienced human operators. This fuzzy system uses 2 input variables, there are student test scores and student behavior scores. Output of this system is a recommendation for the teacher to provides grade to a student. The implementation of the fuzzy Mamdani logic in grading system recommendation has no different result in manual calculating and application, indicates that the application is worth to use.
The main focus of this paper is to do stability analysis of a DC Motor (Field controlled and armature controlled). The stability analysis includes time domain analysis, frequency domain analysis and pole-zero domain analysis using state space averaging technique. The simulation and study is done using Matlab from its respective graphs obtained from above mentioned domains. Later the control of this motor is done using advanced controllers such as Fuzzy and Genetic algorithm optimization techniques.
In this paper, we will present two theorems for the join and meet operations for general type-2 fuzzy sets with arbitrary secondary memberships, which can be nonconvex and/or nonnormal type-1 fuzzy sets. These results will be used to derive the join and meet operations of the more general descriptions of interval type-2 fuzzy sets presented in a paper by Bustince Sola et al. (“Interval type-2 fuzzy sets are generalization of interval-valued fuzzy sets: Towards a wider view on their relationship,” IEEE Trans. Fuzzy Syst. , vol. 23, pp. 1876-1882, 2015), where the secondary grades can be nonconvex. Hence, this study will help to explore the potential of type-2 fuzzy logic systems which use the general forms of interval type-2 fuzzy sets which are not equivalent to interval-valued fuzzy sets. Several examples for both general type-2 and the more general forms of interval type-2 fuzzy sets are presented.
Green energy resources are an interesting, readable solution to achieve global sustainability. This paper proposes a controlled approach to achieving a constant voltage despite of change in load and supply voltage for a solar photovoltaic system based application. Modeling of the system is very essential before installation of the system, which produces an enhanced robust planning for the required load. It also helps to achieve the system reliability and robustness at the load center. For the control of nonlinearity present in the designed system, fuzzy logic technique plays a key role to achieve a desired behavior of controlled output voltage. Hence, the fuzzy logic control scheme has been implemented in the system with power electronics interfacing units to stabilize the output voltage at load side. For its effectiveness, result is examined and compared from open loop system.
This study presents a fuzzy logic based approach to a hybrid mobile quadrotor vehicle that is able to perform goal seeking and obstacle avoidance, given that the obstacles are nonmoving and are along a fixed path. Two range sensors will be used to construct the input variable of the fuzzy logic control. The algorithms are developed to achieve goal position while avoiding obstacles. Simulations are conducted and the efficiency of the results using the method is proved using MATLAB.
Relays in wireless networks are used to achieve cooperative diversity. Various relaying schemes such as Amplify and Forward (AF), Decode and Forward (DF), etc. exists. But in this paper, a Soft Information Relaying scheme based on a soft Decode and Forward (SDF) relay protocol is considered. In order to be efficient under poor source relay link conditions, low density parity check (LDPC) coding scheme and higher order modulation scheme called Quadrature Amplitude Modulation (QAM) are used. In the existing method, log likelihood ratio (LLR) values (soft values) are computed at the destination for LDPC decoding. Since it is a complex and probabilistic based approach, the chances of occurring errors will be more. Because of this reason, a soft computing method called fuzzy logic system is proposed. The Fuzzy logic provides more information about the transmitted data, so that perfect data can be decoded and reconstructed at the destination without error. So that the proposed system provides better performance in terms of low bit error rate (BER).
With the advancement of Electronics and IC technology, the use of controllers and processors increased drastically in the last two decades to solve complex problems efficiently with better accuracy and fast time being response. When the complexity of the problem is very high and proper mathematical model of the problem is unknown, general purpose processors or controller do not serve useful purpose. Fuzzy logic controller has the potential to solve problems which have uncertain nature and complex behavior with better, accurate and efficient results and also with faster time response as compare to classical logic based general purpose controllers or processors like PID controllers. The development of the fuzzy logic based controller follows step by step approach with expertise knowledge. As Fuzzy logic controllers are developed for the particular problem solving applications i.e., they are not general purpose controllers in nature. However, in real time, it is possible to generalize fuzzy logic controller by switching its rule base. However, there is a lack of power reduction techniques for fuzzy logic controller when the application is concerned for embedded applications. As embedded devices are battery operated and have limited power supply, there is a need of a proper approach and method to reduce the power consumption. This paper focuses on rule base division technique to reduce the power consumption of the fuzzy logic controller based on different conditions and priorities. A new methodology is developed and implemented successfully to reduce the power consumption of the fuzzy logic controller i.e., dynamic rule base method. The implementation of the dynamic rule base method is carried out using Xilinx ISE Design 14.2 with Verilog-HDL as a coding language. The implementation of controller is successfully carried out on Kintex 7 KC705 FPGA kit.
Hierarchical Fuzzy Systems (HFSs) have been viewed as a promising option to overcoming a fundamental problem in Fuzzy Logic Systems (FLSs), namely the rule explosion associated with an increase in input variables. In HFSs, the original FLS is decomposed into a number of low-dimensional fuzzy logic subsystems. As a result, rules in HFSs typically have antecedents with fewer variables than rules in FLSs which compute similar function mappings, given that the number of input variables of each subsystem is smaller. Consequently, HFSs tend to limit rule explosion, lowering complexity and enhancing model interpretability. However, developing the HFSs is difficult due to the added issue of designing suitable architecture (i.e., various subsystems, levels, topologies, and subsystem interactions) and rules for each subsystem. In fact, decomposing conventional fuzzy system is a challenging task. The difficulties include: “How to select the input variable for each subsystem”, “How to improve the meaning of intermediate variable?”, “How to link all the subsystems in HFSs?”, and “How to design the rules for each subsystem?” Hence, this paper presents a method to convert conventional FLSs to hierarchical fuzzy systems using two key steps. This method contributes to the process or guidelines in overcoming the difficulties in the decomposition of FLS to HFS.
One of the biggest limitations of wireless body area networks (WBANs) is the need for low energy usage. As a result, several cluster-based routing strategies have been put out to offer effective ways to reduce communication-related energy consumption. In this work, we propose a comparison between two algorithms: Cluster Head Selection based on Fuzzy Logic (CHSFL) and Improved CHSFL. The algorithms are based on clustering for WBAN networks using one of the famous Fuzzy C-Means methods for clustering nodes. Once the grouping is done, we move on to the cluster head selection step. The latter is performed via a fuzzy inference system having two inputs and one output. Inputs are residual energy (RE) and proximity to sinkl. The output is the cluster head election probability (CHEP). In CHSFL, all the nodes will be affected by the clustering and in Improved CHSFL; we will deprive the nodes close to the sinks of the clustering operation. Simulation results show that Improved CHSFL extends network lifespan by about 34% compared to CHSFL.
Pre-timed traffic light system, which is currently used, is no longer sufficient at handling vehicular congestion. Various intelligent traffic control signals are present to replace the currently used system. These systems only focused on the parameters of the vehicles. Most intersections contain traffic signals for pedestrians and vehicles, pedestrian lanes must also be considered in the decision making of the intelligent traffic signals. Cameras were used to estimate the number of pedestrian and vehicle at an intersection. A fuzzy logic controller is used to receive and process the information for the decision making of the traffic light system. NetLogo - a multi-agent programmable modeling environment was used to create a traffic model and a simulation environment to simulate and test the developed fuzzy logic system. Results shows that the fuzzy logic system poses a lower rate of car congestion compared to the pre timed system, and this is tested for 3 sets of data including a different time. A lesser number of vehicles congestion will result to less waiting time at a traffic intersection. The developed fuzzy logic based adaptive traffic light system has proven the effectiveness of reducing the congestion and waiting time of vehicles.
The performance of wireless sensor network will directly affect the reliability of 5G transmission line natural disaster monitoring. Firstly, this paper analyzes LEACH and EAUCF. In view of the fact that EAUCF algorithm does not consider the influence of node distribution on node clustering, this paper introduces the factor of upper bound ratio of cluster members on the basis of the original algorithm, and appropriately limits the number of cluster members of relay nodes through fuzzy logic. In order to balance the energy consumption of all nodes in the network, multi hop mode is adopted between cluster heads, and the data is transmitted to the base station through the relay node. The specific routing adopts the routing next hop selection method used by EEUC. Based on the above analysis, a non-uniform clustering routing protocol EAUCF-C based on fuzzy logic is proposed. Using MATLAB software platform, the proposed EAUCF-C routing algorithm is compared with leach and EAUCF algorithm. This paper analyzes the FD (first node dead), TD (one tenth node dead), HD (half node dead) rounds, network lifetime, and total network energy. Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm makes the energy consumption of network nodes more balanced and the network life cycle longer.
Present world is based on technical evaluation. Modern science and technology spread its wings in every sector of this world and trying to make our world more and more beautiful. On the other hand business is the much needed phenomena through which a nation can reach the top of the development. Technology is helping to spread modern business strategy in many ways, as a result many dynamic businesses are growing faster. In this research a fuzzy based model is proposed, which is helpful for decision making criteria. Through this model the surprise level of a customer is measured which will be helpful for business strategy maker.
Interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems (IT2 FLSs) have a wide range of applications due to their ability to handle uncertainties. A drawback of IT2 FLSs is that their different representations generally suffer from high computational complexity. This paper discusses the representation of IT2 FLSs in closed mathematical form. The proposed form provides an easy, computationally efficient method to implement IT2 FLSs. Additionally, the closed-form is preferred in control systems. We also discuss the use of the proposed method in balancing an inverted pendulum on a cart, a common problem in control theory. Simulation results are provided to compare the performance of the proposed closed-form systems against the performance of other IT2 FLSs. The results confirm that the introduced IT2 representations perform closely to their more computationally complex counterparts.
This study aims to implement fuzzy logic controller using Mamdani and defuzzification method of Centroid, as a controller for train speed. Research methodology employed consists of Modeling, Design, Testing, and Analysis. At Modeling phase, the system is modeled utilizing transfer function model; at Design phase, the system with fuzzy logic controller is designed; at Testing phase, system output is examined by utilizing four types of testing (testing of rise and fall, testing of pulse input, and testing with simulated scenarios); at Analysis phase, system output is analyzed based on rise time, fall time, settling time, and average steady-state error. The results showed that when tested with the reference speed of rise and fall, the system with fuzzy logic controller has an average value of rise time 2.3 seconds, fall time 2.44 seconds, and settling time 3.58 seconds; when tested with testing of pulse input, the system has an average value of rise time 2.359 seconds, fall time 4.238 seconds, and settling time 4.1125 seconds. Train simulation results with additional resistance showed that system using fuzzy logic controller has an an average value of error 2%.
A fuzzy logic controller is proposed to perform the functions of supplementary inertial and frequency control in wind turbine generating units. Expert knowledge governing the performance of the proposed fuzzy logic approach for frequency support in this study is expressed by a set of fuzzy rules extracted from a common symmetrical rule table widely used in the literature. A sample multi-machine power system is used to evaluate the performance of the proposed fuzzy controller under system frequency drop perturbations. Time domain simulation results show that the proposed alternative can indeed improve the frequency nadir following grid frequency declines, as compared to the performance of a conventional inertial controller.
A fire fighting robot is a robot that uses a fire sensor and is equipped with a extinguisher to detect fires and extinguish them. Tracking fires requires not only a fire sensor, but also a combination with other methods that can optimize the process. Fuzzy does not require a mathematical model of the system to be controlled. This is one of the advantages so that the design of the controller is easier to do by relying only on logic rules. Fuzzy system in this study has inputs in the form of error and delta error resulting from processing angle degree sensor robot and fuzzy output in the form of duty cycle used to set the speed of the right and left wheels of the robot towards the fire point. From the tests conducted, the average rise time was 1.8 seconds, then overshoot of 19.5% and was able to reach steady state with a time of 3 seconds. The robot was also able to track and extinguish fires with an average success percentage of 99.5% of 10 tests per room, with an average time in room 1 of 4.5 seconds, in room 2 of 10.4 seconds, in room 3 of 16.4seconds, and in free room of 4.9 seconds.
This article studies various ways to optimize the electrical modes of electric power systems and develops a method to optimize the voltage mode by switching taps in the control device under the load. In the first parts of the article, modern promising methods for optimizing electrical modes based on fuzzy logic are considered. In the third part, a methodology for regulating the position of the on-load tap-changer (LTC) is developed to obtain the optimal voltage. In the MATLAB software environment, a fuzzy controller for the LTC is synthesized. In the fourth part, a numerical experiment is performed in a test circuit using the methodology and the fuzzy controller obtained in the third section.
YARA rules utilises string or pattern matching to perform malware analysis and is one of the most effective methods in use today. However, its effectiveness is dependent on the quality and quantity of YARA rules employed in the analysis. This can be managed through the rule optimisation process, although, this may not necessarily guarantee effective utilisation of YARA rules and its generated findings during its execution phase, as the main focus of YARA rules is in determining whether to trigger a rule or not, for a suspect sample after examining its rule condition. YARA rule conditions are Boolean expressions, mostly focused on the binary outcome of the malware analysis, which may limit the optimised use of YARA rules and its findings despite generating significant information during the execution phase. Therefore, this paper proposes embedding fuzzy rules with YARA rules to optimise its performance during the execution phase. Fuzzy rules can manage imprecise and incomplete data and encompass a broad range of conditions, which may not be possible in Boolean logic. This embedding may be more advantageous when the YARA rules become more complex, resulting in multiple complex conditions, which may not be processed efficiently utilising Boolean expressions alone, thus compromising effective decision-making. This proposed embedded approach is applied on a collected malware corpus and is tested against the standard and enhanced YARA rules to demonstrate its success.
Traffic signals are vital for traffic management. It is essential to increase the efficiency of the traffic controller to alleviate traffic congestion. In this paper, the traffic light control system using fuzzy logic is designed to minimize queue count (QC) and waiting time (WT) for vehicles at the intersection. Real-time traffic is generated and a fuzzy logic controller is implemented to control the traffic light system. In the proposed fuzzy logic controller, trapezoidal membership functions are combined with the rules to generate green light time for input QC and WT. The improvement in QC, WT, and tailback is witnessed by using Static Phase Scheduling Traffic Light System (SPSTLS) as a benchmark to measure the performance of the proposed controller. The performance comparison records a significant improvement of 81.68% in QC, 87.04% in average WT and 18.05% in the tailback. The results show that fuzzy logic controlled Dynamic Phase Scheduling Traffic Light System (DPSTLS) has the potential to resolve the problem of QC, WT, travel cost, accident, and traffic congestion.
The steam superheat temperature control is critical to the efficient operation of utility boiler steam turbines. Conventional PID controllers cannot cope up with the system nonlinearities. The intelligent control techniques are being preferred for steam temperature control due to their inherent merits over conventional controllers. A fuzzy logic controller are designed and well tuned to control the steam temperature of the boiler. For developing Fuzzy logic toolbox MATLAB is used. Comparison of Fuzzy logic controller with conventional PID controller is also done. It is observed that Fuzzy logic controller is better than conventional PID controller.
This paper proposes a method for fuzzy data processing based on Mamdani's fuzzy inference method. The implementation of this method is divided into phases of training and exploitation, which reduces the number of operations during fuzzy data processing and improves its performance. The analysis of the time complexity of the proposed method shows the reduction in run-time processing of fuzzy data four times comparatively to the time of the realization of fuzzy inference by classical Mamdani's mechanism.
Variability in power systems in increasing due to pushing the system to limits for economic purposes, the inclusion of new energy sources like wind turbines and photovoltaic, and the introduction of new types of loads such as electric vehicle chargers. In this new environment, system monitoring and control must keep pace to insure system stability and reliability on a wide area scale. Phasor measurement unit technology implementation is growing and can be used to provide input signals to new types of control. Fuzzy logic based controllers have also been shown effective in various studies. This paper considers several choices of input signals, composed assuming phasor measurement availability, for a common fuzzy logic-based controller. Nonlinear transient simulation results for two fault locations for a two-area system are used to compare the effects of input choice on damping of system oscillations.
The nutritional crisis is predicted to hit the world soon. The cause of this condition is the lack of intake and access to food with balanced nutrition. One solution to overcome this problem is to improve the quality of food. This can be done by improving food processing. One of the potential technological breakthroughs in the field of food processing is PEF technology. The way it works is by providing a shock voltage of a certain duration for certain foodstuffs. The provision of this shock voltage serves to produce an electric field in the food ingredients so that the electroporation process occurs in certain food ingredients. This voltage adjustment needs to be done so that the inactivation process occurs properly. To implement PEF technology, it is necessary to use a high voltage pulse generator that can generate a shock voltage with a certain frequency. This journal discusses control design and high voltage pulse generator circuits. The planned control method uses fuzzy logic control and the circuit design uses an ignition coil based circuit. This generator is expected to be able to vary the value of the output voltage, so that the high voltage pulse generator can be applied to several different media. The test results of the control circuit show that the fuzzy logic control method can produce a good response. This is indicated by the average error value of the test results of not more than 4%.
A direct adaptive type-2 fuzzy logic controller is designed in this paper. The longitudinal dynamics of a generic hypersonic flight vehicle is high-order, highly nonlinear, tight coupling and most of all includes big uncertainties. The computing of the dynamic inversion control signal is cost ineffective and an adaptive interval type-2 fuzzy logic system is used to approximate it. A H∞ controller is implemented in order to attenuate the fuzzy approximation error and the system uncertainty. Signals' high-order derivatives are obtained by tracking differentiators and nonlinear state observers. The closed-loop stability is guaranteed by Lyapunov theory. Simulation results validate the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed controller.
The objective of this research is to implementation of fuzzy logic controller system for monitoring the water quality of aquaculture ponds by monitoring the temperature and dissolved oxygen. The measured water quality level decides when to turn the pump ON/OFF. The proposed system is straightforward to use for aquaculture farmers. Experimental results show that fuzzy logic controllers used to control water oxygen systems can reduce the electricity consumption of the pumps ON/OFF and reduce the risk of mortality in aquaculture effectively.
In this study it is attempted to describe the structure and procedure of training for the Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Logic inference System completely. To achieve this goal Adaptive Network-based Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS) structure has been generalized to interval type-2 fuzzy, also all of the relations to describe inference structure and all of the necessary differentiation to adjust parameters with Gradient descent and Levenberg-Marquardt method has been brought. Described structure has been used to forecast Mackey-Glass chaotic time-series that polluted with additive uncertain domain noise. Using mentioned procedure for parameters adjustment achieved acceptable results.
Swarm Intelligence algorithms, in many optimization problems, have constantly served a purpose of global search method. One of the problems confronted during optimization is clustering problem. Input for a clustering process is a set of data which are then organized into a number of sub-groups. Modern studies have recommended that partitioned or segregated clustering algorithms are more appropriate for clustering of wide and huge datasets. One of the most frequent partitional clustering algorithms is K-Means. K-means algorithm shows a more rapid convergence than PSO but then against local optimal area is generally trapped depending on the random values of initial centroids. An efficient hybrid method is presented in this paper, namely particle swarm optimization with fuzzy logic or adaptive particle swarm optimization (APSO) to resolve data clustering problem. The PSO algorithm does find a good or near optimal solution in reasonable time, but its presentation was enhanced by seeding the initial swarm with fuzzifier function. The adaptive fuzzy particle swarm optimization algorithm (APSO) is compared with k-means using total execution time and clustering group error. It is discovered that the total execution time for APSO method outperforms the k-means and had higher solution quality in terms of clustering group error.
Power System Controllers are most commonly used for stabilized operation of power system under different operating conditions. Different conventional controller exists for excitation control to maintain power system voltages, for synchronism and stability. Many controllers work satisfactorily under steady state conditions, but needed their fast action under transient conditions. In this paper the impact of fuzzy logic controller on system performance observed through non-linear excitation control of synchronous generator under transient condition. The results of fuzzy logic controller are also compared with the conventional controller (PID).
The type-2 (T2) fuzzy logic systems (FLSs) are widely used in control problems. In the most of control problems the dynamics of the under control plant are uncertain and the T2-FLSs are frequently used for dynamics identification. Recently, a generalized version of T2-FLSs with higher estimation capability has been presented that is called general T2-FLSs (GT2-FLS). A simple Matlab Simulink Model is designed for online control problems. The effectiveness of the suggested model is shown by simulations.
Series compensation in long transmission lines is a drastic solution to enhance power transfer capacity of Power System networks. However, usage of series capacitors may cause subsynchronous resonance (SSR) between electrical and mechanical systems. This phenomenon may damage Turbine generator shaft. Static compensator (STATCOM) is one of the important Flexible ac transmission systems (FACTS) devices which uses to control power factor, to regulate voltage, to stabilize power flow and to improve the dynamic performance of power systems, moreover, it is able to provide efficient solution to damp the SSR, but it is essential to add an auxiliary controller to the STATCOM for the purpose of mitigating the SSR. In this paper, two controllers are added to STATCOM: Fuzzy Logic Controller (FLC) and Adaptive Neuro Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS) and results are compared. This study has conducted on the system adapted from the IEEE Second Benchmark Model. Results have been taken with the help of MATLAB simulation.
A kind of fuzzy inference modeling method based on T-S fuzzy system is proposed. It is applied to build the mathematical modeling of time-varying second-order freedom movement systems, so new input-output models and new state-space models are constructed respectively. The effectiveness and superiority of this method are proven through simulation experiments.
This paper presents a 3D video game project that incorporates smell generated by an olfactory display (an ultrasonic humidifier and a PC fan) controlled by fuzzy logic. In order to improve the olfactory display efficiency, we apply Edge computing by running the fuzzy logic control software on the microcontroller itself and not on the video game computer or a network server. Our video game activates the olfactory display by sending a wireless signal using MQTT data communication protocol to the microcontroller board connected to a local wireless network. The video game objective is to find a virtual lemon in less than 15 seconds, hidden behind many virtual crates. The olfactory display generates a lemon smell when the player is close to the virtual lemon. The fuzzy logic controls the fan speed according to the distance between the virtual lemon and the player’s main game view. An early test showed that the fuzzy logic and the MQTT protocol ran efficiently on the microcontroller board. This demonstrates that Edge computing can be useful in simple olfactory display applications.
In this paper, a fuzzy inference based system for the quality of experience assessment is presented. In particular, two models have been proposed to assess the perceived quality of experience. The first one is a global model which estimates the overall audiovisual quality without going through the individual evaluations of visual and auditory modalities while the other model has been created by merging fuzzy inference systems based on separate auditory and visual objective quality scores. Two different sets of parameters have been tested for the second model leading to two different measures. The contribution of this research lies in the application of the fuzzy inference logic to estimate the audiovisual quality of multimedia data. The experimental results on a publicly available quality dataset show competitive predictive performances of the proposed measures when compared to two existing audiovisual metrics based on random forests regression and multilayer perceptron.
Edge detection is an essential method used in the image processing systems and can be applied to image sets before the training phase in pattern recognition systems. An edge detector simplifies the analysis of the images; because, it reduces the dataset processed. In this paper we present the advantage to use a fuzzy edge detector method in a face recognition system. In the methodology, first the General type-2 fuzzy edge detector was applied over three image databases; secondly the recognition system was performed using monolithic neural network, and after that the mean recognition rate was obtained; finally the recognition rate is compared using different edge detectors, such as the Sobel operator, Type-1 and Interval Type-2 fuzzy edge detectors.
With the development of phased array radar technology, the research on task scheduling of phased array radar is more and more extensive and in-depth. In order to adapt to the task scheduling in complex environment, a task scheduling algorithm for phased array radar based on fuzzy logic priority is proposed. In this paper, firstly, the scheduling model of phased array radar tracking task is constructed. Then the fuzzy logic method is optimized, and the main influencing factors such as range, velocity, threat and hostility are selected to determine the priority of the task. The deterministic method is applied to the adaptive task scheduling algorithm based on scheduling interval and time pointer, and the scheduling algorithm based on time pointer is improved. Finally, the simulation results show that the improved algorithm can effectively reduce the time offset while ensuring the time utilization.
Radar echoes detected by Doppler weather radar are often interfered by some non-meteorological factors, which affects the quantitative application of radar data. Therefore, it is necessary to control the quality of radar data before its application. In this paper, a fuzzy logical based algorithm is proposed to suppress the remaining ground clutter from base data of X-band Doppler weather. Three discriminative features are proposed to identify ground clutter from meteorological echoes. Corresponding membership functions are designed according to the probability distribution of the features in labeled radar data. The algorithm is evaluated by statistical measurements of reflectivity of X-band radar located in Fang-Shan, Beijing before and after ground clutter suppression. Simulation results show that the algorithm can identify remaining ground clutter correctly.
An adaptive fuzzy logic controller for crane positioning along five axes including the self-scaling procedure with an anti-swing regulation is proposed. A fuzzy logic observer with self-tuning universe of discourse is described and experimentally verified on laboratory gantry and tower crane hardware-in-the-loop systems. An anti-swing performance for various load masses is provided. The offered approach guarantees the control precision and reliability and proves to be less dependable on human experts thus eliminating one of the most time-consuming and expensive parts of the crane control system.
Many overhead lines that run for decades may lead to overload for their aging problem. To ensure overhead transmission line safety, this paper proposes a novel aging risk assessment method integrating aging mechanism analysis and fuzzy logic algorithm. The overhead transmission line tension is determined using a sag-tension model with the measured sag values of the line. According to the tension, the elasticity modulus of the line is calculated based on the Equation of state. By comparing with the elasticity modulus limits, the deformation is calculated based on the Tension-Deformation model. The aging condition of the line is assessed based on fuzzy logic together with the deformation and running time of the line. At last, the proposed method is shown its effectiveness with experiments.
This paper presents a fuzzy-logic-based protection scheme for detecting the direction of earth faults in a transmission network using polarized voltage. The IEEE 9-Bus transmission network has been used to test the fuzzy logic scheme in MATLAB/Simulink. The proposed scheme involves the measurement of RMS value of each phase voltage in order to detect occurrence of a fault; the direction of fault is determined by measuring the phase angle between the fault current and the polarized or reference voltage. The proposed scheme has been tested in six earth fault cases, faults in the forward and reverse direction per phase. The simulation results demonstrate that the proposed protection scheme is able to detect earth fault and classify the fault direction accurately within one cycle time.
Cloud computing has become a part and parcel of our daily life. It just made our life easier with its amazing features. To support increasing number of users as well as smart devices, it is needed to keep the cloud environment more and more secure and reliable. Cloud computing security has become a major challenging field now a days. In this paper we presented a Fuzzy based mechanism, which may be helpful for the detection of Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack in cloud computing environment. As DDoS attack becomes powerful with the passing of time, if it is detected at first, then the attack may be minimized. So we focused on attack detection mechanism to secure the cloud environment using Fuzzy logic.
This work presents a study of modeling and speed control by fuzzy logic of the synchronous machine with permanent magnets in order to regulate the number of revolutions of the machine in an objective to synthesize the fuzzy regulator and its laws of orders. This order only calculated starting from the two values, the error and its variation showed of its performances and its effectiveness in the regulation the speed by the total rejection of the disturbance. In other, to guarantee a stable and fast dynamics speed under all the operating conditions, one proposed for the regulation of this one a fuzzy regulator with adapted profit ready to compensate for all external disturbances. The results of simulation obtained showed the strong robustness of this regulator in particular regarding the variation of the parameters of the machine, with the detriment of the dynamic performances speed which attenuate slightly.
This paper, a new strategy for pitch angle control for a Wind Turbine fed Induction Generator (WTFIG) is proposed and simulated. The pitch angle varies according to the wind speed and the output power equation of the entire wind turbine system depends on the pitch angle of a wind turbine. In this paper, an intelligent Self-Tuning Pitch Angle Fuzzy Logic Controller (STPAFLC) is proposed for pitch angle control for a wind turbine fed induction generator. Also, strategies like PI, Pitch Angle Fuzzy Logic Controller for (PAFLC) are discussed to evaluate the performance of self-tuning fuzzy controller. The STPAFLC has been developed and simulated using MATLAB-Simulink and its results are compared with conventional control strategy for WTFIG.
The major objective of this work is to investigate the fuzzy logic use in the control of a rotary inverted pendulum in order to create a controller that can keep the pendulum in an upright position. Initially, we looked at the model of our underactuated system. . Subsequently, we applied our methodology to the "Quanser qube servo 2" pendulum system, a frequently used rotary inverted pendulum system in research settings. After that, we ran simulations and experiments to evaluate the performance of our controller. The results show that using fuzzy logic to regulation offers improved stability and accuracy, even when dealing with significant disturbances.
Wheelchair mounted robotic arms (WMRA) aim to help individuals with physical disabilities such as spine injuries or amputated arms by improving independent living and social participation of individuals with upper extremity impairments. Various research has been conducted and shown different ways of controlling the position of a robotic arm using Proportional Integral-derivative (PID). However, Fuzzy Logic Controller (FLC), when well designed, can behave like a nonlinear controller or even like a set of linear PID controllers that operate differently according to the inputs. Using FLC in this application has benefits in various aspects mentioned in the paper. Therefore, the focus of our research is to prove the performance of the studied position controller using Fuzzy Logic. The assessment is based on system efficiency, settling time to changes in the command signals and system overshoot.
Robot positioning precision is critical in industrial automation. This research attempts to analyze three distinct approaches for controlling a 3P robot. The designed controllers are position PID (P-PID), position and velocity PID (PV-PID) and genetic algorithm optimized fuzzy logic controller (GA-FLC). In this regard, the mentioned system is initially described, then a position PID controller is applied to the system. In the next step, an attempt has been made to reduce the system error by adding a PID on the velocity to the previous controller as a feed forward term. Then the fuzzy logic controller (FLC) is expressed in which the input variables are the position and velocity error signals and the output is the required force desired path. Ultimately by means of genetic algorithms optimized fuzzy membership functions are achieved. The proposed method outperforms its conventional counterpart and enhances robot precision for applications that require high positioning accuracy, such as riveting, drilling, and precise assembly. The robot modeling and control design were simulated using MATLAB and Simulink software, with the obtained numerical results serving as the criterion for evaluation.
In order to improve the intelligent level of real-time monitoring of aero-engine, this paper proposes a method of engine state monitoring aiming at vibration over limit fault, which uses fuzzy inference technology to analyze the fault of vibration parameters and carry out hierarchical alarm, so as to achieve the purpose of monitoring engine state. Experimental data are used to study and verify the algorithm, which shows the effectiveness of the method.
The paper presents a design of the fuzzy logic controller for Cuk converter. The fuzzy logic controller provides an adaptive control for better system performance and it is used for controlling the non-linear processes. FLC is designed to regulate the output voltage of the converter. Cuk converter is modeled and analyzed using Matlab/Simulink software and it was designed in a closed-loop configuration. Simulation is performed in Cuk converter to verify the proposed fuzzy logic controller. The results confirm that the proposed method achieve much better robustness and adaptability in terms of load change, in input voltage and output voltage variation. It presents better dynamic performance, such as small overshoot, more damping and fast transient time for Cuk converter.
Conventional fuzzy time series approaches make use of type-1 or type-2 fuzzy models. Type-1 models with one index (membership grade) cannot fully handle the level of uncertainty inherent in many real world applications. The type-2 models with upper and lower membership functions do handle uncertainties in many applications better than its type-1 counterparts. This study proposes the use of interval type-2 intuitionistic fuzzy logic system of Takagi-Sugeno-Kang (IT2IFLS-TSK) fuzzy inference that utilises more parameters than type-2 fuzzy models in time series forecasting. The IT2IFLS utilises more indexes namely upper and lower non-membership functions. These additional parameters of IT2IFLS serve to refine the fuzzy relationships obtained from type-2 fuzzy models and ultimately improve the forecasting performance. Evaluation is made on the proposed system using three real world benchmark time series problems namely: Santa Fe, tree ring and Canadian lynx datasets. The empirical analyses show improvements of prediction of IT2IFLS over other approaches on these datasets.
Today, despite of the development of various types of electric motors, the traditional DC motors are still widely used in robotic and industrial applications because this type of electric motors has a high control quality. Moreover, the DC motor drives are simple and easy for deploying novel control algorithms. This paper describes the steps of development of a fuzzy logic controller for the speed control of a separately excited DC motor based on the use of a personal computer (PC) and an inexpensive 8-bit AVR Atmegalô microcontroller. The main advantage of the design of a fuzzy logic controller is that it does not require the mathematical model of the controlled object and is mainly based on the operator's experience. In this control system, the PC is used as a virtual measurement and control environment. Meanwhile, the microcontroller is programmed for the RS232 communication protocol and creating the Pulse Width Modulation (PWM) signal fed to the semiconductor switch in the power circuit. An experimental comparison between the performance of the fuzzy logic controller and the Proportional-Integral-Derivative (PID) controller is also carried out. The experimental results obtained show that the fuzzy logic controller outperforms the PID controller in terms of the significant reduction of the overshoot.
The battery management system (BMS) is an important component of electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. The purpose of the BMS is to keep the battery operation safe and reliable. Fuzzy logic system (FLS) is one of the methods used to maintain the safety and reliability of the battery by state monitoring and evaluation, charge control, and cell balancing in BMS. Fuzzy logic data analysis were used to estimate state of health (SOH). To get data for FLS, temperature value and absolute value of the current were needed. The FLS does not need an exact mathematical model to make decision about a coefficient's selection. This methodology was chosen to control the SOH output.
A Static VAR Compensator (SVC) plays a crucial role within a wind farm power system by ensuring stable and efficient grid interface and power generation. This paper delves into the intricate design Induction Generator (IG) system of wind turbines, incorporating an SVC guided by fuzzy logic control. This paper's primary objective is to examine the effect of using fuzzy logic controller on the overall stability of the system, providing a comprehensive analysis of the system's efficiency with an SVC connected to the system. The effects of fault have been tested to determine the most efficient and reliable type of controller as well as to prove the system's stability. This research study explores the distinctions and advantages between using Proportional Integral (PI) controller-based SVCs and fuzzy logic controller-based SVCs to an IG. Through this investigation, this paper aims to uncover the best approach for enhancing wind farm performance, ultimately contributing to more reliable and sustainable energy generation. Simulation results show that the fuzzy logic controlled SVC slightly outperforms in voltage stability, reactive power stabilization, and voltage overshoot compared to PI controllers.
The paper presents the methods of integrating prior knowledge with a first-order Single-Input Single-Output (SISO) Interval Type-2 Takagi-Sugeno-Kang (TSK) Fuzzy Logic System (IT2FLS) for function approximation under noisy circumstances. Firstly, sufficient conditions on the antecedent and the consequent parameters of the IT2FLS are given to ensure that three kinds of prior knowledge monotonicity, symmetry and special points, can be embedded into the IT2FLS. And then, we use three optimization algorithms constrained least squares algorithm, active-set algorithm and hybrid learning algorithm to design the IT2FLS, respectively. The effectiveness of the three algorithms and the comparisons of their performance are demonstrated by simulation examples.
Due to day by day increase in carbon emission, recently electric vehicles play major role in automobile industry. The BLDC motor based drives are effective for running an electric vehicle. This paper focuses on Brushless DC (BLDC) motors that are extensively used in Electric Two wheelers due to its high torque to weight ratio, increased efficiency. This paper analyses the efficient control of BLDC motor for low cost Electric two wheeler using fuzzy logic control to achieve the desired speed in less time. The vehicle dynamics that are required to choose motor power for low cost two wheeler is also discussed. The desired speed of the motor is achieved using PI and Fuzzy Logic controller. A Fuzzy logic controller operates the motor in such a way that they achieve the desired speed within shorter span of time compared to the conventional PI controller. The Dynamic calculations for choosing the motor power are presented. The simulation of fuzzy logic controller and vehicle dynamics for appropriate motor power is developed in MATLAB/Simulink.
In this paper, the fuzzy logic-based decision algorithm is proposed for queue scheduling. This algorithm is employed to determine the optimal values for achieving fairness control for each queue-type serviced. It takes into account the dynamic nature of the internet traffic as regards to its time-varying packet arrival process that affects the network states and performance. In order that the fairness control is achieved some predetermined threshold values are set so as to enforce some level of control in the router for traffics of different quality of service requirements. The threshold values are set for queue priority, drop priority and the number of waiting packets in queue (queue limit). The fuzzy scheduling mechanism is proposed for implementation at the output port of the internet router. Three (3) queues are assumed, low priority queue, medium priority queue and high priority queue, which takes the form q0, q1 and q2, respectively. All the queues are subject to priority, that is, packets are placed in the queues according to their priority class by the classifier. The choice of prioritizing packets influences how queues are served but unlike the priority queue (PQ) scheduling mechanism, which only schedules packets based on priority, the fuzzy scheduler utilizes queue priority, drop priority and the queue limit as parameters for queue scheduling. Through simulation experiments, it is found that the effectiveness of the proposed method proves to offer better improvement for network performance in terms of traffic dropped and throughput.
In this paper, the procedure of CMOS design of a reconfigurable fuzzy traffic light control that may work in a severe condition is discussed. The chip receives the membership degree parameters and traffic density indexes. The membership degree is allowed to have variable numbers of reconfigurable trapezoid patterns. Import/export of data is carried out through a serial link. The chip is designed using Very High Speed Integrated Circuit (VHSIC) Hardware Description Language (VHDL) implementing an optimized fuzzy traffic controller developed in [1]. Based on the traffic density, the algorithm decides whether to terminate the current green phase or to extend it for some more time for better intersection traffic handling. Design is tested versus full software implementation of the algorithm. The result exhibits successful hardware implementation. Then, the layout of the chip based on minimum die area is also derived.
This paper introduces of successful implementation of fuzzy logic controller (FLC) structure for an active clamp-coupled inductor-based soft-switched Quadratic Boost Converter. This proposed method aims to address several key challenges, including low sensitivity to input voltage variation, fast regulation during load transients, and robustness against aging effects on the converter's passive components. To solve all these issues a fuzzy logic controller (FLC) is designed, it is stated that utilizing a convergent distribution for the membership function leads to a faster response compared to symmetrically distributed membership functions. The robustness of the controller is evaluated under varying loading conditions and input voltage variations. Furthermore, the results are compared with conventional controllers (PI), showing superior dynamic performance. Simulink/ MATLAB is used to validate the performance of the controller.
In the process of urban rail transit system operation, various factors may interact with each other and cause accidents. The complexity and uncertainty of the urban rail transit operating system make fuzzy logic method become an efficient tool to deal with the security information. The paper attempts to combine fuzzy logic based information process method with the security region method to solve the security problems in urban rail transit system. Based on the research of information aggregation, fuzzy decision making, and the current results of security region research, the paper proposes a new solution to the security region control and its management. The main points include: the security region information collection, information fusion and aggregation methods with multiple source of the rail transit security regions, fuzzy logic based the urban rail transit security region decision and control, and the simulation of these theoretical models. It will provide theoretical support for the urban rail transit security region decision and control, and also promote the management level of the Chinese urban rail transit operating system.
In order to solve the problem of low throughput and poor performance in data center network, this paper proposes a traffic scheduling algorithm exploiting fuzzy logic inference based on Software Defined Networking (SDN). The algorithm uses the characteristics of separation of control and forwarding in SDN architecture to choose paths for data flows by the centralized control of controller. It calculates the candidate path set of accessible paths between the source host and the destination host, then comprehensively considers path hops and bandwidth utilization, evaluates the candidate path using fuzzy logic model, and selects the optimal path. The experimental results show that compared with ECMP, Hedera and FSEM, the proposed algorithm improves the network throughput and load balancing, thus improving the overall network performance of the data center.
Fuzzy direct controllers are being used widely in industry these days. One of the benefits of fuzzy controllers is their ability to control unidentified processes which lets a model free controlling scheme; but on the other hand, an efficient fuzzy direct controller design, strictly depends on human expert and knowledge of a certain process. This will limit the ability of noncontrol specialists to apply fuzzy controllers on various ranges of plants. In this paper, a fuzzy direct controller is optimized in rule base using Particle Swarm Optimization algorithm. The optimization is performed subjected to minimize the output error surface of a nonlinear water level tank process. An offline Sugeno-Fuzzy system identifier is employed to prepare the evaluation function for particle swarm algorithm. Results show that the proposed controller performance is much better than simple human knowledge tuned controller.
This paper presents is to design swarm formation control using behavior-based for real robots. It's consists of two behavior are avoiding obstacles and formation keeping. During formation, the robots are also desired to coordinate among themselves to avoid collisions and keep formation the desired distance between each other. This design is using Fuzzy Logic Controller System. In this work a fuzzy logic controller has been used successfully in control system for the obstacle avoidance and formation keeping.
Cybersecurity is a major issue today. It is predicted that cybercrime will cost the world $6 trillion annually by 2021. It is important to make logins secure as well as to make advances in security in order to catch cybercriminals. This paper will design and create a device that will use Fuzzy logic to identify a person by the rhythm and frequency of their typing. The device will take data from a user from a normal password entry session. This data will be used to make a Fuzzy system that will be able to identify the user by their typing speed. An application of this project could be used to make a more secure log-in system for a user. The log-in system would not only check that the correct password was entered but also that the rhythm of how the password was typed matched the user. Another application of this system could be used to help catch cybercriminals. A cybercriminal may have a certain rhythm at which they type at and this could be used like a fingerprint to help officials locate cybercriminals.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a health condition distinguished by heightened glucose levels experienced during pregnancy. Early detection of GDM is key to managing the condition and protecting both the mother and fetus. The aim of this study is to introduce a fuzzy expert system that is designed to assist both medical professionals and non-specialists in the evaluation of patients with GDM using risk factors. The approach employed five risk indicators such as age, body mass index, family diabetes history, previous GDM history and poor obstetric outcome as inputs. Triangular and trapezoidal fuzzy numbers are applied in this process. The Mamdani Fuzzy Inference System is used, with specific rules established for GDM prediction. The results indicated three levels of gestational diabetes: low, medium, and high. The resultant fuzzy expert system demonstrated promising potential for supporting medical professionals during the decision-making process pertaining to GDM. In conclusion, while the developed fuzzy expert system for GDM prediction cannot replace the invaluable work of specialist doctors, it can serve as a supportive tool in healthcare settings.
DC-DC converters are used to convert one DC voltage to other. One of the main limitations of these converters is unregulated supply of voltage and current. To overcome these problems there are various control techniques used in combination with these converters. The aims of developing the converters are high efficiency and high gain with fast response. A feedback controller for DC-DC boost converter is designed to obtain constant output voltage. Design equations are derived and it is modeled in MATLAB. Extensive simulation is carried out with linear controller parameters and the results are presented. Fuzzy logic controllers (FLC) and FLC tuned by PI controller have been investigated. The comparative study Results point out that FLC tuned by PI controller is superior to the other control strategies because of fast transient response, minimum steady state error and good disturbance rejection under various variations of the operating conditions. Hence, it achieves the most closely output voltage regulation.
This paper presents methods for solving problems using the method of fuzzy logic. This method serves to study the characteristics of determining the level of compliance of a candidate for an existing vacant position. When measuring compliance with database requirements based on the results of assessing compliance with the requirements of an employee for a position. The use of artificial intelligence in personnel records gives high efficiency and serves for decision making.
This present paper introduces an innovative approach to automatically monitor and control acidity or alkalinity in irrigation water. The system effectively calculated the amount of acidic or alkaline solution that had to be added to the reservoir using fuzzy logic techniques programmed into the Arduino Mega. Our control rules were meant to maintain a PH of around 5 to 6.4 (Acidic) in the irrigation water stored in the reservoir. The correct PH for optimal plant root development is around 5 to 6.4. Current methods of PH control are manual, hence this paper proposes a novel way of controlling PH automatically for optimal plant root development.
The growth of the number of vehicles in the city of Manado is very fast causing a high level of congestion. For that requires smart traffic management, especially at crossroads. Timer (time)-based traffic light settings are inefficient, because the vehicle's volume state does not change according to conditions and situations (static). If the road segment is empty, the long duration of the lamp will cause the waiting time / delay for the vehicle on the other road to occur density. As a result there is an empty road section, while the other road segments are jammed, for that it is necessary to have an intelligent traffic light control system. By using Fuzzy Logic which is an algorithm on the system control, especially for dynamic and non-linear systems can increase the time of queue delay at traffic lights with optimal accuracy in real time time settings. So that the movement of the lights can follow the conditions or situations that are needed smartly.
Genetic algorithm has been widely used in the various optimal problems. Its application in the fuzzy control is still limited by factors such as local optimal and premature convergence. Therefore, this paper proposes an alternative method for designing fuzzy logic controller for temperature control inside the cavity of refrigeration. The control strategy was applied to a third-order discrete state space system, which computes the internal air temperature according to the temperature at the level of the evaporator exchanger. The system was obtained by linearization of a pseudo bond graph model of thermal transfers inside the refrigeration cavity. A performance comparison was carried out with PID controller to show the effectiveness of the proposed method.
Traffic Actuated Control (TAC) is widely used for signal control in isolated intersections. TAC is a responsible method for online traffic data. In TAC, green durations are dynamically determined based on online traffic data. These determinations are subject to predefined static parameters which do not respond to sudden traffic flow changes. One type of these parameters in TAC is maximum green time. In this paper, maximum green times are dynamically determined by means of fuzzy control. At first, it monitors the whole intersection traffic conditions and then dynamically adjusts maximum green times. The main advantage of the proposed approach is its capability to adjust maximum green times which are responsive to real time traffic condition in isolated intersections. The efficiency of the proposed method has been evaluated by AIMSUN 7 microscopic traffic simulation tool. The evaluation results show the efficiency and the robustness of the proposed method compared to maximum green times provided by SYNCHRO8.
In this paper, single stage conversion method is used for integration of the Solar Photo Voltaic (SPV) with the utility grid. Three phase voltage source converter is used to extract the maximum power from the PV source as well as to integrate the SPV to the grid. The power produced by SPV changes with change in solar irradiance, hence, a Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) scheme is used to obtain the maximum power at a particular irradiance. The Fizzy Logic Control (FLC) and Adaptive Network based Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS) are proposed for the DC link voltage control. The power produced by the SPV is used to supply the local load demand, and the extra power, if any, is fed to the utility grid or the deficit power is supplied by the grid. The proposed control scheme is validated using Matlab/Simulink under different irradiance values.
The complemented elements are the special elements in fuzzy lattices, they play an important role in the research of fuzzy lattices. In this paper, we present three important properties of complemented elements about the fuzzy lattice congruence relation and homomorphism, then we show the relation theorem of complemented elements and unambiguous elements of fuzzy lattices. Finally, we obtain two characteristic theorems of “the components” of fuzzy lattices by means of complemented elements.
The aim of this work is to study, analyze and design a Fuzzy Logic Controller (FLC) of an horizontal axis wind turbine emulator based on DC motor to improve the output profile quality and to overcome the conventional PI regulator limitations. The performance of the proposed control strategy is evaluated through digital simulation using Xilinx System Generator (XSG) toolbox which ensures a rapid prototyping of the implemented architectures on FPGA device. Despite the applied wind profile fluctuations, simulation results show that the XSG modeled-FLC provides a better accuracy and an acceptable execution time thanks to the parallel processing of the used board. A Hardware Co-simulation was performed to test the system response on the chip in real time, to validate the optimized architectures and to visualize the DC/DC converter switching signal. Results have shown a good agreement with theoretical prediction and have proved the efficiency of the proposed control strategy by reducing the armature current and electromagnetic torque ripples and the error between the reference turbine speed and the DCM emulated one.
Cultivation technology in agriculture such as the aquaponics system is expected to be an alternative for people who have limited land or for those who want to simultaneously manage fish cultivation. Electrical Conductivity (EC) is one of the most influential parameters on plant growth in aquaponics cultivation. A good aquaponics system must have a controlled EC value. With technology, the EC value can be monitored automatically using the TDS sensor which is used to determine the number of dissolved nutrient particles. This study developed an EC content control system in aquaponics cultivation using Fuzzy logic control. The output of the fuzzy was the duration of the pump motor to drive the motor which will pour ABmix into the growing media of the aquaponics system. We did some testing to find out how well this fuzzy system performed. The results showed that this fuzzy logic system could control the aquaponics EC value. In addition, this fuzzy system fitted and ran well without overshoot.
In this paper, presented the design of an embedded system that utilizes the concept internet of things so that embedded system can connect directly to internet. Embedded system is designed to facilitate the users in watering, and control the micro-plant environment automatically using fuzzy logic with sugeno method. Embedded system is developed by using three sensors namely temperature sensor and humidity sensor, soil moisture sensor, proximity sensor. The design has four actuators: Exhaust fan, Selenoid valve, humidifier, LED growth light.
The research presents a time adjustment method of the blast furnace air heaters sequential mode, taking into account the difference in hot air temperature at the end of blast cycles using fuzzy logic. Reducing the hot blast temperature difference allows this parameter to be stabilized at a higher level. Classical regulators are not suitable for solving this problem due to the control object discreteness, the necessity of considering the previous state and predicting the subsequent one. Using methods of fuzzy sets theory and experience of gas engineers allows synthesizing a control system that is able to solve the problem of the hot blast stabilization by controlling periods of heating cycle. The results of the work allow us to reduce the difference in the temperature of the hot blast before switching cowpers. This allows you to stabilize the temperature of the air supplied to the furnace at a higher value. The creation of automated systems for controlling the operating time of the block is poorly researched and implemented in production further research and comparison of various concepts will improve the economy of the blast furnace production and the entire metallurgical enterprise as a whole.
Traffic congestion is a problem that requires extremely complex and iterative solutions. Our work demonstrates the main Map and the theory of the proposed Hybrid system, which based on fuzzy logic technique for optimally controlling the traffic flow and accident detection in cities. The proposed system was developed into a two-layered: the Architecture layer and the Application layer. The focus of this paper is to discuss the Application layer represented by the algorithm and the methods used in the in the Intelligent Traffic light control system. The system was divided into three sub systems: The proposed Dynamic Webster with dynamic Cycle Time algorithm, Accident Detection System using fuzzy logic theory and Action System depending on Accident Detection System. This paper explain the main parts of the system with a great details showed in flow charts.
Switching median filter is actively used and continuously modified by the researchers to remove noise out of corrupted images. Fuzzy based filters are under development to improve the performance of filtering. In literature survey, fuzzy based switching median filter is studied and modified it in our proposed work. Output of the fuzzy system is set to vary the value from 0 to 1 and it is considered as a gain factor for filtering process. After putting gain factor into the filtering equation, the results has been improved in terms of PSNR value as shown in results. The simulation is performed on mixed noise. Mixed noise is taken as a combination of salt & pepper noise which varies from 1% to 10% and Gaussian noise with zero mean and 0.01 variance.
Focus accuracy is an essential factor that affects the astronomical observations quality. The accurate measure of celestial objects properties depends on focus. Automatic focusing is necessary for astronomical observations imaging systems. This paper presents a modified focus measure operator. It also proposes the use of fuzzy logic, to transform images, because of its tolerant of imprecise and incomplete data. The focus operators are applied into two sequences of star clusters observations. The experimental results show that the suggested measure overall score exceeds the previous operators.
In this paper, we describe the main functionality of an initial version of a new fuzzy logic software toolkit based on the R language. The toolkit supports the implementation of several types of fuzzy logic inference systems and we discuss and present several aspects of its capabilities to allow the straightforward implementation of type-1 and interval type-2 fuzzy systems. We include source code examples and visualizations both of type-1 and type-2 fuzzy sets as well as output surface visualizations generated using the R toolkit. Finally, we describe the significant benefits of relying on the R language as a language which is employed across several research disciplines (thus enabling access to fuzzy logic tools to a variety of researchers), outline future developments and most importantly call for contributions, comments and feedback to/on this open-source software development effort.
This paper proposes a strategy to optimize parameters in a fuzzy logic control of a Permanent Magnet Brushless Motor. The proposed system uses a neural network optimization to determine all the static parameters of the fuzzy logic control strategy. Analysis of the vector control scheme and the fuzzy controller are illustrated from the simulation with the MATLAB Environment to compare their performance. The main objective behind this optimization strategy is to improve the performance of the fuzzy logic control scheme. This approach has been experimentally evaluated on a 1.5 kW permanent magnet brushless motor drive.
The most widely used control strategy in industry is proportional integral derivative (PID) controller. The popularity of PID controllers can be attributed partly to their robust performance in a wide range of operating conditions and partly to their functional simplicity. One of the application is to control arm robot manipulator model by using DC servo motor as actuator. This paper presents design of PID controller of DC servo motor using automated PID tuning by sisotool for higher order system and implement to the Arduino Mega 2560 via potentiometer by using Simulink Support Package for Arduino Hardware in MATLAB/Simulink. A better design of controller using fuzzy logic controller (FLC) is proposed. Simulation results are demonstrated. Performance analysis shows the effectiveness of the proposed Fuzzy logic controller as compared to the PID controller.
Google Adwords has a bidding price optimization scheme for its campaigns, where the user proposes the maximum bidding price, and then Adwords adapts the final bidding price according to the performance of a particular campaign. This paper proposes a bidding price controller based on a fuzzy system. Specifically, two approaches are considered: a type-1 fuzzy inference system, and an interval type-2 fuzzy inference system. The results show that the proposed methods are superior to the Adwords optimization method, and that there isn't enough statistical evidence to support the superiority of the interval type-2 fuzzy inference system against the type-1 fuzzy inference system, although type-2 is slightly better.
Road accidents are becoming a life threatening thing which is believed as one of the public health hazards in recent days. As the road transportation is growing considerably, the occurrence of accidents due to these transportations lead a serious human and financial losses. Ensuring the road safety is a foremost concern for a safe transportation. The current road accident studies spotlight the risk factors analysis which impacts the accident severity. This paper analyzes a heterogeneous road accident dataset using a data miner based on grammatical fuzzy logic in order to get the information pertaining to our research perspective. These information enables to provide recommendations in order to cut-off the number of road accidents in the places where the accident rate is high. The experimentation part is carried out using MATLAB software and the comparison is made with existing fuzzy approach to prove the performance of proposed algorithm based on accuracy, precision and recall.
This paper addresses an interval type-2 fuzzy hybrid rule-based system in order to predict the amount of tardiness where tardiness variables are represented by interval type-2 membership functions. For this purpose, interval type-2 fuzzy disjunctive normal forms and fuzzy conjunctive normal forms are utilized in the inference engine. The main contribution of this paper is to present the interval type-2 fuzzy hybrid rule-based system, which is the combination of Mamdani and Sugeno methods. In order to forecast the future amount of tardiness for continuous casting operation in a steel company in Canada, an autoregressive moving average model is used in the consequents of the rules. Parameters of the system are optimized by applying Adaptive-Network-Based Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS). This method is compared with interval type-2 fuzzy Takagi-Sugeno-Kang method in MATLAB, multiple-regression, and two other Type-1 fuzzy methods in literature. The results of computing the mean square error of these methods show that our proposed method has less error and high accuracy in comparison with other methods.
This research addresses the issue of resource and power allocation in small cell networks, and focuses on two aspects: i) the interference coordination among cells; and ii) the resource allocation among the users served by the same cell. Due to the density of small cells, centralised interference coordination schemes require an enormous level of communication among cells. Fuzzy logic (FL) is a promising low-complexity approach to realise autonomous interference coordination that does not need communication between cells. In this paper, we propose a novel FL method and associated decision-making algorithm for tackling resource allocation in small cell networks. Unlike the traditional FL method using the values of two states `yes' and `no' to describe how much a resource block (RB) should or should not be allocated, the proposed method employs a 3-state criterion that distinguishes high-quality RBs from medium-quality RBs. Also, the issue of allocating the RBs of a single cell to multiple users is studied in the FL method. Simulation results show that the proposed method can notably improve the performance of the traditional FL method in terms of both throughput and user satisfaction, without requiring extra processing power.
This article presents a control strategy based on a type-2 fuzzy logic controller utilizing particle swarm optimization applied to the wind energy conversion system equipped with a permanent magnet generator. This type of controller can make more complex decisions and adapt to rapid changes in wind conditions. This leads to improved energy efficiency and extended turbine lifespan by reducing wear and mechanical stresses. Thus, the aim of using higher-level fuzzy controllers is to regulate the rotor mechanical speed error in order to enhance torque performance and output power. Simulation results obtained using Matlab/Simulink software and discussed in this work clearly demonstrate good performance in terms of rise time, settling time, and overshoot value.
In a 2-Alternative Forced Choice Interval task (2AFCi), a standing subject is required to press a button once or twice to signal in which of two 4 s sequential intervals that (s)he thought that a short ≤16 mm postural perturbation had occurred. The perturbation might or might not result in transient changes of the subject's Anterior-Posterior Center of Pressure (APCOP) or in other measures. This paper used fuzzy inference to explore whether the correctness of a subject's stimulus detection can be gleaned from analyzing changes in one of more metrics related to changes in the APCOP. Also, distinguishing guesses from correct responses is a critical issue in any psychophysical detection paradigm. Biomechanical and psychophysical data are used to design a prediction model based on fuzzy inference that is able to discriminate correct responses from guesses.
Internet of thing in retail should focus their assets and capacities to improve customer loyalty with the end goal to hold existing clients and pull in new clients. Because loyal customer is a good source of revenue. In any case, there are few studies on customer loyalty using Internet of Thing. The aim of this study is to use sensing device that examine customer loyalty and transmit that data to cloud for further study of customer satisfaction retail industries. To test the research model fuzzy logic approach is included. The result will help to launch loyalty programs, companies to improve the customer equity, to boost the clients' esteem and benefit of organizations.
The purpose of this research was to examine the use of a Fuzzy Logic Controller (FLC) in a photovoltaic (PV) water pumping system to model and simulate peak current detection in a Brushless Direct Current (BLDC) motor. Sustainable and efficient water supply solutions are rapidly requiring the integration of renewable energy sources, such PV, with BLDC motors in water pumping systems. The suggested FLC-based method is to optimize the system's operation by improving the BLDC motor's performance via better detection and management of peak currents. The simulation framework involves the development of a mathematical model for the BLDC motor and the PV system, followed by the incorporation of the FLC-based peak current detection scheme. Through rigorous simulations, the study evaluates the controller's effectiveness in minimizing peak currents, ensuring smooth motor operation, and maximizing energy utilization from the PV source. The results demonstrate the superior performance of the FLC-based approach compared to traditional methods.
The controlling method of DSTATCOM device attracts many researchers because it affects the performance of the mentioned device. Recently, interval type II fuzzy logic controller has been used in many aspects of electrical engineering for controlling power electronics devices. MATLAB R2022b provides the researchers with two different types of interval type II fuzzy logic, Mamdani and Sugeno types and the ability to convert among them easily. In this paper, Mamdani and Sugeno interval type II fuzzy logic controllers with two different control algorithms were examined by means of MATLAB R2022b Simulink environment along with the tuning process. The Mamdani interval type II fuzzy logic controller with centroid defuzzification method gives the best performance of DSTATCOM device at controlled rectifier loads with both examined controlled algorithms UVT and SRF.
In previous cellular networks, changing the parameters of handover manually was time consuming. So, automatic change of the parameters of handover will decrease expenditures, save time and guarantee the best quality of service. A new efficient handover optimization technique for Long Term Evolution (LTE) based on fuzzy logic is proposed in this paper. It is evaluated in terms of average number of handover, system throughput, and system delay based on user equipment (UE) speed. The most important contribution of this work that UE speed is considered in the handover process. The suggested optimization technique will select effective time-to-trigger (TTT) based on the UE speed, and it will also find the optimum handover margin (HOM) required for the handover process. This new handover optimization technique is evaluated for the four well-known handover algorithms then compared together. The proposed algorithm achieves a significantly improve in the handover performance when compared with the standard LTE and self-optimization technique.
Autonomic software systems are challenging in new era computing that produces effective software that has the properties of automatically resolve their own problems. Self - management is an important role in Autonomic software systems. The purpose of this paper is to describe the maintainability of autonomic computing using self-management properties through Quality Metrics. Our proposal of using Fuzzy Logic approach to discusses various issues and challenges in maintaining Autonomic Software Systems.
A new training approach based on the Levenberg-Marquardt algorithm is proposed for type-2 fuzzy neural networks. While conventional gradient descent algorithms use only the first order derivative, the proposed algorithm used in this paper benefits from the first and the second order derivatives which makes the training procedure faster. Besides, this approach is more robust than the other techniques that use the second order derivatives, e.g. Gauss-Newton's method. The training algorithm proposed is tested on the training of a type-2 fuzzy neural network used for the prediction of a chaotic Mackey-Glass time series. The results show that the learning algorithm proposed not only results in faster training but also in a better forecasting accuracy.
This paper proposes a technique using discrete wavelet transform (DWT) and fuzzy logic for identifying types of simultaneous fault along the transmission systems. The PSCAD/EMTDC is used to simulate fault signals. The mother wavelet daubechies4 (db4) is employed to decompose high frequency component from these signals. The coefficients detail (phase A, B, C and zero sequence of post-fault current signals) of DWT at the first peak time that positive sequence current can detect fault, is performed as input variables for the proposed algorithm. The result shows that the proposed technique gives satisfactory accuracy, and will be very useful in the development of a power system protection scheme.
The flight exam results is the most effective method for assess the flight training to civil flight cadets'. In this paper, we propose an assessment model with the flight operation quality (FOQ) based on the fuzzy logic theory. Combined with the experience of the expert and the analysis of the flight data, a FOQ assessment model was established. It contains 139 valid fuzzy rules, and evaluates the FOQ in the final approach segment according flight simulation. The result shows that the score of the assessment model was consistent with the examination results.
This paper proposes a fresh method for generalized predictive control (GPC) tuning of multiple-input-multiple-output (MIMO) system based on fuzzy logic and event triggered mechanism. The slope of the system output is considered as a new fuzzy target parameter to build the fuzzy logic algorithm, based on which an improved fuzzy logic based GPC online tuning method can be achieved. Simultaneously, in order to release the computation and communication resources associated with the online tuning of the GPC parameter, this paper further introduce the event-triggered mechanism (ETM) to avoid the redundant updates. Finally, the effectiveness of the method is verified via a machine-furnace coordination system.
Cruise control systems are of great importance in modern cars, not only to save energy but also to enhance driving comfort, avoid road accidents and achieve safety. The speed control system is a multivariable system with high nonlinearity, which makes the use of conventional controllers, such as PID, infeasible under all conditions. This research deals with the design and analysis of an ANFIS-based controller and its comparison with other controllers such as PID, fuzzy logic, and model predictive controllers of the vehicle speed control system. The MATLAB/SIMULINK environment was used to model and simulate the cruise control system to identify the efficiency of the four controllers and show the comparison between them. This work presents the design and performance analysis of an intelligent controller for a vehicle cruise control system, comparing it with PID, ANFIS and model predictive control techniques. Simulation results show that FLC, ANFIS, and MPC controllers have different strengths, with trade-offs between fast response, overshoot, and integral error. The results underscore the importance of selecting the appropriate controller based on specific application requirements, with MPC showing superiority in managing constraints.
In stochastic computing (SC) systems numbers are represented with mean values of random binary sequences. This paper introduces a novel fuzzy inference architecture, in which the computational mechanism is based on stochastic logic (SL). First, the basic concept of SL is described, then the architecture of the SL-based fuzzy logic controller (SFLC) is built up systematically using the derived stochastic elements. The second part of the paper demonstrates the application of the proposed techniques, where the SFLC-based control performance is evaluated on a real mechatronic system. The results show that the SL-based approach provides effective and robust control performance, simple architecture and high noise tolerance. The proposed method is also benchmarked against conventional FLCs indicating that the robustness of the stochastic architecture allowed to outperform the benchmark controllers in noisy environments.
This paper describes a simple design of a Fuzzy Logic Controller (FLC) that is suitable for real-time applications and uses novel output membership functions, which do not include overlap. This increases controller rate speed convergence, allows for a significant reduction in computational burden, and lowers the execution time. A digital signal processor board is used to implement the FLC based Field Oriented Control (FOC) for an Induction Motor (IM) drive. The performance of the proposed controller is validated via simulation and experiments. Comparative tests with a conventional (PI) controller are provided to confirm the efficiency of the proposed algorithm.
This paper presents the use of modern numerical methods such as Fuzzy Logic Control for control of very sensitive non-linear fast technological processes with sampling period 0.01 [s] or less. The paper presents a real application of the Linguistic Fuzzy-Logic Control, developed at the University of Ostrava for the control of physical models in the laboratory at the Department of Informatics and Computers the Faculty of Science. This technology and real models are used as a background for problem-oriented teaching, realized at the department for master students and their collaborative as well as individual final projects. The paper presents two examples of sensitive non-linear models such a helicopter model and magnetic levitation model and obtained results which show how modern information technologies can help for solving actual technical problems. The paper shows how the used technology can help people easily describe the control strategy.
A switch machine is an electromechanical device that allows railway trains to be guided from one track to another. Among all possible faults that can occur in a switch machine, the three mains ones are: lack of lubrication, lack of adjustment and malfunction of a component. Aiming to classify these faults, an important contribution of this work is to address the height type-reduction and interval singleton type-2 fuzzy logic system derivatives. The computational simulations are performed with real data set provided by a Brazilian company of the railway sector. The obtained results are compared with other models reported in the literature (Bayes theory, multilayer perceptron neural network and type-1 fuzzy logic system), demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed classifier and revealing that the proposal is able to properly handle with uncertainties associated with the measurements and with the data that are used to tune the parameters of the model. In addition, the convergence speed and performance analysis show that the proposed interval singleton type-2 fuzzy logic system is attractive for classifying faults in a switch machine.
Fuzzy set theory has gained great attention for many researchers due to its several advantages in the area of power electronic systems control. This paper describes the direct torque control of voltage source inverter fed interior permanent magnet Brushless AC motor drives, considering a fuzzy logic-based speed controller which offers robustness against reference speed and/or load torque disturbance effects. In this research study, according to speed error and its first time derivative, the proportional and integral gains of the speed controller are online adjusted. A simulation-based comparative study between the performance of the proposed speed controller and the conventional one, has highlighted the superiority of the developed controller which exhibits fast dynamic response, more robustness and less steady-state error especially when there exist motor parameter uncertainties and unexpected load changes occur.
The Fuzzy Logic Speed Controller (FLSC) is often used in motor drive applications because of its resilience and its ability to function without relying on specific plant characteristics. Nevertheless, the implementation of this approach in real-time is computationally demanding and susceptible to errors in selecting fuzzy rules, leading to system failure in the drive. This work presents an enhanced approach to the Fuzzy Logic Speed Controller (FLSC) by using precise computations of the crisp output to tackle these concerns. The first step is outlining a methodical approach for the process of reducing fuzzy rules. Next, a thorough assessment of the activated crisp output data is conducted to ascertain the prevailing fuzzy rules. According to the suggested approach, the total number of regulations was decreased. The simplified Field-Oriented Speed Control (FLSC) rule is evaluated on the Induction Motor (IM) drives system, with real-time implementation conducted in the dSPACE DS1104 controller environment. The modelling and experimental findings, using the suggested FLSC, have shown the feasibility of the reduced regulations without compromising the motor's performance.
The conversion of solar energy into electrical energy is being increasingly encouraged and adopted for various applications. However the power output of solar photovoltaic modules is dependent on the load in addition to the environmental factors like radiation and temperature. It is thus essential to track the maximum power point on the non-linear I-V curve of a module to extract maximum possible energy for a given radiation level. There are many algorithms to track the same however each one of them possesses relative advantages and disadvantages over one another. The perturb and observe algorithm is the simplest method to track the maximum power point however it has drawbacks of limited tunability. This work proposes and implements a fuzzy rule based adaptive version of the perturb and observe algorithm. The fuzzy logic based technique provides fast time response, more stability, and less overshoot. The adaptive approach has been implemented on a Texas Instruments digital signal processor model 28335. The setup is a part of a DC-DC boost converter and has been tested on a solar photovoltaic emulator and the results obtained show encouraging prospects for possible field usage.
Deodorizer failure roots from many sources that disrupting plant operation. A correct action for remedies during troubleshooting can save company time and profit. In this study based on real plant data, a fuzzy logic model was developed to troubleshoot the root cause of problem for deodorizer failure. An abnormality of deodorizer root cause of problem was monitored through normal condition baseline. In order to build the fuzzy troubleshooting system, the linguistic data was gathered by interviewing palm oil refining plant workers that included experienced plant operators, supervisors and executives. Numerical data were collected by reviewing Standard Operating Procedure (SOP), Process and Instrumentation Diagram (P&ID), plant manual, etc. Root cause of deodorizer failure was separated into seven categories: Fatty Acid Distillate (FAD), cooling tower, hotwell, sparging steam, High Pressure Boiler (HPB), other vacuum parameter and others. The proposed model was successfully able to predict the action needed for deodorizer failure. The model can be employed for training to inexperience workers and operators.
This article presents an expert system based on fuzzy logic for estimating effort in scrum projects. The scrum process splits the work of the development team into short periods called sprints. A wide range of factors significantly impacts the work estimation for each task in a sprint. These factors include the development team expertise, task complexity, task size, and working environment. Typically, these factors are expressed through the use of linguistic quantifiers. As a result, this article applies fuzzy logic concepts to the development of a fuzzy logic-based expert system capable of improving effort estimation in the scrum process. A MA TLAB simulation of the proposed system is used to test its behavior. The result shows that if team expertise is a beginner, task complexity is high, and if the task size is large, the story point value is complex. However, if a team is experienced, task complexity is easy, task size is small, and the work environment is best, then story point value is easy. The proposed system is tested on real data set of software projects and the results obtained are promising.
Edge detection finds a greater significance in image processing and computer vision, as many machine learning models require images as input data. Edge detection can be used to extract important features to simplify the visual data. With the increased use of AI, latency can be reduced by processing the data locally which enhances the performance capabilities of the model. This paper reviews the effectiveness of the Fuzzy Inference System over traditional gradient-based approaches such as the Canny edge detection technique and presents a fuzzy logic-based approach for image edge detection. The fuzzy-based approach uses an open-loop fuzzy logic controller which comprises a series of steps instead of a simple thresholding techniques whose values are emperically determined. The performance is analysed for implementation in Python and MATLAB Platforms, with some variations in logic for algorithms in each software. The proposed model is applied to MRI images inorder to detect abnormalities such as tumours.
The clustering strategy is one of the most promising schemes to reduce the energy consumption since the power constraint still remains as a bottleneck for the Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs). Though the energy efficiency has been improved, most of them result in too much computational expense. The fuzzy-logic based clustering algorithm outperforms others owing to its superiority in imitating the human's decision making and its ability in transforming multiple inputs into a single output. A Fuzzy-Logic based Energy-Efficient Clustering algorithm (FLEEC) is proposed in this paper. A two-level fuzzy logic system is designed to balance the energy consumption and relieve the “hot spot problem” In the first level, the Sink determines the communication radius for all the sensor nodes according to the fuzzy inputs of the Node-Density and the Distance-to-Sink. The probability to be the cluster head is calculated locally in the second level basing on the descriptors of the Residual-Energy and the Total-Distance generated in the first level. Finally, extensive experiments are conducted and the performance of FLEEC is evaluated. It is proved to be more energy efficient than other clustering schemes such as LEACH and EFCH through the results comaprison.
This paper introduces the design and implementation of mobile robot heading control using fuzzy logic control, then analyzes the response of the control system. The BNO055 sensor is used to determine the heading value in the mobile robot. The fuzzy method used is the mamdani method. In the fuzzy logic control process, it uses 1 input, namely the heading error and 1 output, namely the speed motor. Based on the test results, the application of fuzzy logic control for heading control at setpoints 90°, 180°, and 270° has successive rise time values of 2047 ms, 4141 ms, and 6203 ms, consecutive settling time values of 3831.2 ms, 5859 ms, and 8640 ms, an overshoot value is 0% and a steady state error value is 0%.
Interval Type-2 fuzzy controllers have become increasingly popular, and have been applied in many engineering applications over the past few decades. In this paper, a knowledge-based interval Type-2 fuzzy controller is proposed to control an inverted pendulum on a cart system in the presence of disturbance, random noise and parameter variations. The proposed controller utilizes the Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy inference system, supported by the Nie-Tan (NT) type-reduction method for the input-output mapping. The adaptation laws for the Type-2 fuzzy consequent parameters are derived based on the sliding mode control (SMC) theory. A comparison study of the proposed interval Type-2 fuzzy controller with a conventional PID controller is investigated in the presence of disturbance, external noise and parameter variations. Simulation results show the efficacy of the proposed controller with respect to a conventional PID controller as indicated by lower RMSE values.
This paper presents the use of modern numerical methods such as Fuzzy Logic Control for control of fast and sensitive non-linear technological processes with sampling period 0.01 [s] or less. The paper presents a real application of the Linguistic Fuzzy-Logic Control, developed at the University of Ostrava for the control of physical models in the Intelligent Systems Laboratory. The paper presents an example of a sensitive non-linear model, such as a helicopter model and obtained results which show how modern information technologies can help to solve actual technical problems. The paper shows how the used technology can help people easily describe the control strategy. A special method based on the LFLC controller with partial components is presented in this paper followed by the method of automatic context change, which is very helpful to achieve more accurate control results. This technology and real models are used as a background for problem-oriented teaching, realized at the department for master students and their collaborative as well as individual final projects.
This paper proposes an advanced framework for financial risk assessment leveraging a synergistic blend of fuzzy logic and machine learning techniques. In today’s volatile financial markets, accurate risk evaluation is imperative for effective decision-making. Traditional methods often fall short in handling uncertainty and complexity inherent in financial data. Hence, this study introduces a novel approach integrating fuzzy logic for handling imprecise information and machine learning algorithms for predictive modeling. The proposed system employs a hybrid model that amalgamates fuzzy inference systems with ensemble learning, harnessing the strengths of both paradigms. Fuzzy logic aids in capturing vague and qualitative aspects of financial risk assessment, while machine learning algorithms like random forests or gradient boosting enhance predictive accuracy by learning from historical patterns and trends. Furthermore, the study presents a comprehensive evaluation using real-world financial datasets to demonstrate the efficacy and superiority of the proposed hybrid approach compared to conventional methods. Performance metrics such as accuracy, precision, and recall are utilized to validate the system’s effectiveness in risk assessment across different market scenarios. This research contributes to the burgeoning field of financial risk management by providing a robust decision support system capable of handling uncertainties inherent in financial markets, thereby assisting stakeholders in making informed and proactive risk mitigation strategies
The main pipelines passing through the distribution area of the permafrost zone are affected by various negative processes, such as, for example, thermokarst, swelling, erosion, solifluction, etc., including ice formation. The purpose of this article is to study the effect of icing formation on the performance of trunk pipelines using the Power of Siberia trunk gas pipeline as an example. Icing is a layered ice mass formed when periodically spilling underground or surface water freezes. They are a particularly dangerous glacial phenomenon, the negative impact of which is determined by: a) unexpected flooding of the territory in the cold season; b) crystallization of water and the appearance of static and thermodynamic pressure of ice; c) the formation of ice barriers and increased slippery roads, sidewalks, ground coverings; d) the development of associated hazardous processes - cryogenic heaving, frost cracking, thermoerosion, the formation of injection ice, uneven precipitation of the day surface, etc. The influence of ice has a negative impact on the performance of main pipeline systems, causes the need for increased requirements for materials, structures, and laying technologies, and negatively affects the environmental situation of the region in the event of emergencies. In this paper, based on the application of fuzzy logic methods, the main factors affecting the process of icing are identified, the degree of influence of ice on the performance of the main pipeline is estimated, the rules of fuzzy inference are developed to minimize the effect of ice formation and identify hazardous areas for preventive measures to reduce risk emergencies This electronic document is a “live” template and already defines the components of your paper [title, text, heads, etc.] in its style sheet.
In order to effectively prevent accidents caused by shipwreck, this paper proposes a fuzzy logic approach for navigation obstruction risk of shipwreck. Firstly, the historical accidents in the Yangtze River are analyzed to identify the influencing factors for navigation obstruction of shipwreck. These factors are classified into four categories, which are ship conditions, traffic environment, distance from the sensitive areas and natural environment. Secondly, after fuzzifying the influencing factors based on theoretical analysis and statistical data, a fuzzy rule base is established and the crisp values for navigation obstruction risk of shipwreck are obtained by defuzzification. Thirdly, the proposed approach is applied to the navigation obstruction risk assessment of several historical shipwrecks in Yangtze River. The assessment conclusions derived from the approach are consistent with historical evaluation experience, demonstrating the feasibility and practicality of the approach.
In this paper we present detection and avoidance of static and dynamic obstacles in a closed system using only one camera to pin point the state of our environment where the mobile robot operates by not mapping the working environment. We use an optimization approach like Genetic Algorithm on the steps generated by Fuzzy logic algorithm that mobile robot needs to achieve the target. Another novelty here besides optimization steps of path is also avoiding of usage real sensors for obstacle detection. Instead we use virtual sensors which results in faster detection and response to them.
A radar sensor is used to determine the speed of a moving object. This function is made possible by the Doppler effect. However, relying on single radar sensor can have some shortcomings; for instance, (1) A single radar sensor can only accurately measure the speed of a target that is moving either directly towards or away from the sensor, and (2) Only one reading from each trigger can be obtained. In this paper, a novel three-dimensional radar system is proposed to address these disadvantages in target tracking. Furthermore, a fuzzy logic controller is proposed to minimize the error between the measured and actual speed. Experimental results show that such a system can improve tracking of the object with 10X better in error reduction in terms of accuracy and signal noise.
DVRs commonly use PI controllers. In spite of the fact that the required Proportional Integral controller does not alone provide the output, by using gains which are fixed when there is a variations in the operating conditions or system parameters. This problem is solved by an adaptive Proportional integral with fuzzy logic. The fuzzy controller will adjust the error and rate of error of the Proportional Integral controller according to respective readings and fuzzy control rules, in order to get adjusted to any operating conditions variations. The corresponding results of simulation proved that the method of adaptive Proportional Integral with fuzzy logic control considerably improves the DVR performance as compared to the normal Proportional Integral controller.
The paper presents a fuzzy system control of a new type of electromagnetic converter with rolling rotor (ECRR) with direct applications in the Sun tracking systems, due to the main advantage of low speed of rotation without use of electromechanical gear. The control of angular velocity of the rotor and the stator rotating magnetic field according to the gap dimension using a fuzzy logic control are presented.
This paper presents a more relevant infrastructure: fuzzy sensorless direct field oriented control (FDFOC), compared to the usual sensorless direct field oriented control (DFOC), in order to improve the induction motor (IM) performance at low speeds. In the FDFOC, a fuzzy logic adaptation mechanism based Luenberger observer used for speed adaptation is adopted, and all the proportional-integral (PI) controllers are substituted for intelligent ones: fuzzy logic controllers (FLCs). In the interest of evaluating both systems performance FDFOC and DFOC, a detailed comparative study is presented: functioning in both motor rotation directions with application of load torque disturbance at low speeds. Simulation tests prove the robustness of the new infrastructure FDFOC in comparison with the usual DFOC: Quick response, good load torque rejection, decrease of the stator phase current on startup, as a result the system dynamic has been improved significantly. On the other hand, the simulation presents excellent speed observation using adaptive Luenberger observer (ALO) whereas the estimated speed perfectly pursues the reference at low speeds. Simulations are done using Matlab.
This paper aims to investigate and apply Artificial Intelligence in solving a real-life problem. A fuzzy logic control (FLC) system is proposed for controlling and maintaining speed of a motor vehicle. The vehicle controller produces either a throttle force or brake force. This force is then feed into the vehicle's engine to generate an appropriate acceleration for the vehicle. Moreover, the vehicles' speed is further affected by the type of road the vehicles is moving on. Moving on an uphill road would require more throttle while moving downhill roads require less throttle and more brakes. A flat smooth road requires average throttle or brakes. To evaluate and validate the proposed solution, two models are used, and results are later analyzed. First model uses FLC while second model uses Proportional Integrator (PI) controller. The PI controller has proved to be less smooth in transitioning the actual to desired speed than the FLC. The FLC was further tested on its independence from the model used. It has been assigned to two different models to show that results obtained are based on fuzzy-rules and not the specific model. This experiment successfully demonstrated how motor vehicle speed can be better controlled by using a FLC than a PI controller system.
This paper deals with a scheme of Antenna array synthesis by varying amplitude of each element of the antenna array using the Tsukamoto fuzzy logic controller. Here it has been tried to reduce the Side Lobe Level of the antenna array radiation pattern by changing the amplitude of the antenna array elements. Spacing between the antenna array elements and the corresponding phase - shift is given in the input of the Tsukamoto fuzzy logic controller and corresponding values of amplitude is obtained at the output of the controller. Implementing the newly obtained values of amplitude to the each element of the antenna array, the new radiation pattern with reduced side lobe level will be obtained.
This paper presents the improvement of a PV system’s maximum power point tracking (MPPT) with a fuzzy logic controller using Matlab-Simulink. The system is composed of the KD230GX-LFB PV Module. The DC-DC boost converter circuit controller increases the voltage for the PV system to operate at the Maximum PowerPoint. The PV system is, therefore, more efficient. The fuzzy system is also less complicated and easily integrated with the Matlab program. The performance of the proposed method has been simulated in Matlab-Simulink under changing solar irradiation and temperature module.
The maximum power point tracking algorithm in wind power system design is considered an important point, to increase the efficiency of wind turbines power, in addition to regulating the voltage and frequency loops, energy must be extracted from the wind very efficiently, so it is necessary to design an effective control strategy. This paper presents an adaptive tuning structure, for capturing the maximum power points of controlling the wind energy conversion system, according to a permanent magnet synchronous generator. The optimum rotational speed of the generator is obtained utilizing the tip speed ratio strategy. Maximum power extracted at each wind speed is maintained, using a dimensional fuzzy logic control (DFLC) that is applied to the machine side converter. Adaptive DFLC controller is used in complex non-linear systems. The new control adopts two ideas, first to locate system states to a specific region in the form of calculating dimensional (distances, surface), then to design a fuzzy control law that will maintain the system in this zone. To confirm the efficiency and reliability of the suggested adaptive control, a simulation was executed using the MATLAB/Simulink program. The results showed the superiority of the new control as it was observed that the control can extract maximum power under variations of the wind speed profile, through its response speed and settling time. The paper contains extensive results.
Existing elevators use a wide variety of methods in their systems to provide a direct response to the input received by first checking the inputs to operate. This response is related to the movement of the elevator itself. The research was conducted to minimize the movement of the elevator. In addition, as a form of effort to reduce the spread of Covid 19, the touchless button is introduced to the elevator operating system. The provision of the fuzzy logic method will make the elevator system manage the input given to determine priorities in the elevator movement. There are several input variables in the fuzzy method: position, distance, direction, and elevator capacity. Fuzzy logic will manage these variables, which are then obtained in the form of elevator movement priority. PLC used in this study is PLC Outseal Mega V1.1 as a controller on the elevator. The input uses a proximity infrared sensor so that it can provide input without touch. The use of functions on the PLC such as comparators, timers, and counters can realize an elevator system based on fuzzy logic calculations. The output used is a relay that will operate the DC motor. The proposed method realizes an innovative elevator operating system to stop the spread of covid 19.
Contrast enhancement is one of the most important issue of image processing. Contrast enhancement can be done in spatial domain or in frequency domain; in spatial domain, the pixel intensity data of the image is mapped to new intensity level via an intensity level transformation function. The intensity level transformation function can be defined using some mathematical equation derived from the image pixel intensity information, such as in histogram equalization, or using mathematical equation for contrast stretching around a local pixel intensity, like in cubic spline interpolation. This paper proposes a new method of interpolation by using fuzzy logic interpolation. The proposed method is used to define pixel intensity level transformation function form a set of locally stretched pixel intensity. The transformation function obtained from proposed method is applied to colored image and then compared with the results obtained from cubic spline interpolation method. The comparison results illustrates that the proposed method can be used for interpolation to enhance contrast of an image.
The fuzzy logic controller, FLC, it is part of the control with artificial intelligence (AI), and implies obtaining of improved signal wave forms at output and reduction of oscillations (such as output speed variation, torque variation, current variation for the three phases) comparatively with the classic control. This paper presents two cases of FLC for exterior permanent magnet synchronous machines, PMSM, (Ld=Lq), with 25 rules and with 49 rules. The FLC is developed to have less computational burden, which makes it suitable for real time implementation. The dynamic performances of permanent magnet synchronous machines opens new possibilities of large scale application of PMSM which has a high torque density, with low losses/torque ratio, high power factor and quick torque and speed response. For the real time implementation we have made reference to the digital signal processor controller board DS1104.
Quadratic boost converter is an advanced power electronic circuit that belongs to family of DC-DC converter and is widely used in application which require higher voltage. The proposed control system employs fuzzy logic to adjust duty cycle of the switch used in the converter. Fuzzy logic controller is designed to adapt to changes in system parameter. Fuzzy logic-based control system achieves faster response time and reduced overshoot in output voltage, resulting in superior performance. Integrating fuzzy logic controller to quadratic boost converter provide stable and reliable voltage boosting. Advantage of proposed approach is precise voltage control, adaptability to nonlinear systems, and robustness against uncertain conditions. This work aims at designing quadratic boost converter and developing fuzzy logic controller utilizing MATLAB/Simulink, also integrating fuzzy logic controller to a quadratic boost converter. MATLAB/Simulink is used for simulation.
As a new type of actuator, pneumatic artificial muscle (PAM) possesses lots of superior characteristics, which make it extensively used in the robotics field, especially in rehabilitation engineering. But the complex dynamics such as time-varying parameters and hysteresis make it difficult to achieve high precision trajectory tracking control. In order to achieve accurate tracking performance and enhance the robustness of the controller, this paper proposes a nonlinear disturbance observer based T-S fuzzy logic controller (NDOTS). Based on the three-element model of PAM, T-S fuzzy modeling is utilized to decompose the nonlinear model into a series of linear models, which make it possible to use the linear system control theory in the controller design. The MATLAB LMI Toolbox is applied to get the feedback gains. A Lyapunov candidate is designed to analyze the stability of the system. The experimental results of attaching loads on the PAM validate the proposed NDOTS controller.
When oilfield development enters the late stage of ultra-high water cut, traditional layered water injection methods often cannot effectively improve oil recovery due to the heterogeneity of the reservoir. Polymer flooding, as an advanced oilfield development technology, can significantly improve oilfield recovery by changing the oil-water mobility ratio and reducing the interfacial tension between oil and water. However, in the implementation of polymer flooding, how to precisely control the injection amount of each layer, so that the polymer can be evenly distributed and maximize its effectiveness, has become an urgent problem to be solved. This article proposes an intelligent decision-making system for polymer flooding injection plans that combines fuzzy logic and genetic algorithm (GA) to address this issue. The system aims to provide precise control solutions for layered polymer flooding in oil fields through automated and intelligent decision-making processes, thereby improving oilfield recovery rates. The experimental results indicate that the system can provide precise control schemes for layered injection polymer flooding in oil fields, effectively improving oil recovery efficiency. At the same time, the automation and intelligence characteristics of the system also reduce the complexity and uncertainty of manual decision-making, and improve decision-making efficiency and accuracy.
This study proposes an optimized interval type-2 TSK FLS(IT2 TSK FLS) method based on an interval type-2 TSK fuzzy system and Whale optimization Algorithm (WOA) for short-term wind power prediction. Compared to the type-1 TSK fuzzy logic system method, IT2 TSK FLS method can model both intra-and inter-individual uncertainties simultaneously, and further improve the predictive performance of the model by using the WOA optimization algorithm to train the model’s antecedent and consequent parameters. The IT2 TSK FLS method based on WOA optimization algorithm was applied to a wind power time series prediction example in a specific region. The IT2 TSK FLS method was compared to the type-1 TSK FLS method and a different IT2 TSK FLS method based on the error back propagation algorithm under the same conditions. Experimental results showed that the proposed IT2 TSK FLS method based on whale optimization algorithm outperformed other methods, demonstrating its effectiveness.
Decision-making systems are an integral part of any autonomous device. With the recent developments in bio-nanorobots, smart drugs, and engineered viruses, there is an immediate need of decision-making systems which are bio-compatible in nature. DNA is considered a perfect candidate for designing the computing systems in such decision-making systems because of their bio-compatibility and programmability. Complex biological systems can be easily modeled/controlled using fuzzy logic operations with the help of linguistic rules. In this paper, we propose an enzyme-free DNA strand displacement-based architecture of fuzzy inference engine using the fuzzy operators, such as fuzzy intersection and union. The basic building blocks of this architecture are minimum, maximum, and fan-out gates. All these gates are analog in nature, which means that the input/output values of the gates are represented by the concentration of the input/output DNA strands. To demonstrate the performance of the proposed architecture, a detailed design, analysis, and kinetic simulation of each gate were carried out. Finally, the minimum and maximum gates are cascaded according to the pre-defined rules to design the fuzzy inference engine. All these DNA circuits are implemented and simulated in Visual DSD software.
The paper deals with an effective approach of the robust controller design based on the fuzzy logic, and algorithms for variable sampling of trajectory points to improve the control performance of trajectory tracking. The proposed controller design and sampling algorithms are verified on the case study of the selected mechatronic system. All presented results are reached in co-simulation of two different modeling environments - Matlab-Simulink and MSC Adams. MSC Adams is used for the dynamics of the mechatronic system, Matlab-Simulink for the control part of the co-simulation, respectively.
The tomato crop (Solanum lycopersicum L.) is of great importance in the world. It is useful not just for the livelihood it provides for farmers, but also for its health benefits. Tomato is also rich in vitamin C and lycopene. Lycopene can lower the risk of breast and prostate cancer, osteoporosis and it can also cure male infertility. With the help of Smart Farming technology, the production of tomato fruit in season or not is made possible. This study deals more of the appearance of the fruit because it is the most important characteristic because it defines the product's commercialization value. The tomato's good appearance as well as its good quality will only be met if it reaches its maturity. Tomato maturity is closely relevant to its surface color, so evaluating the tomato's level of maturity by visual recognition is a feasible mean (Choi et al., 1995; Gejima et al., 2004). Tomato color maturity is divided into six stages: Green stage, breakers stage, turning stage, pink stage, light red stage and red stage (USDA, 1991). The researchers used the color, size, and shape of tomato fruit to be the basis of its maturity using the knowledge of fuzzy logic under smart farming implementation.
Several schemes have been proposed for handover in wireless cellular networks. However, during the complexity of handover in wireless environment, many simplified models and assumptions are made. Also, the handover algorithms operating in real time have to make decisions without the luxury of repeated uncorrelated measurements or the future signal strength information. It should be noted that some of handover criteria information can be inherently imprecise, or the precise information is difficult to obtain. For this reason, we propose a Fuzzy Logic (FL) based approach for handover for wireless cellular networks (Secure-aware Fuzzy-based Handover System: S-FBHS) considering the security parameter for the FBHS. The simulation results show that the S-FBHS has a good behavior.
Computer programs are now acceptable in Medicine. Artificial Intelligence in Medicine will perform better medical diagnosis and better surgery. Surgery intelligence is supporting system for the surgeon to take decision. Information available to the surgery is incomplete. The fuzzy logic deals incomplete information with belief rather than likelihood (probability). In this paper, fuzzy conditional inference is discussed. The fuzzy logic with two membership functions will give more evidence than single membership function. Generalized fuzzy logic is discussed with two membership functions. Generalized fuzzy certainty factor is discussed to eliminate conflict between two membership functions. The medical diagnosis is studied as an example. The fuzzy decision set is studied for decision making. The surgery intelligence is studied as an application.
This paper designs an adaptive fuzzy logic controller (AFLC)for power management of a hybrid energy-storage system (HESS) containing a vanadium redox flow battery (VRFB) and a supercapacitor (SC). The studied hybrid wind-PV microgrid (MG) is connected to the IEEE 14-bus multimachine system using optimal designed capacity of the proposed HESS. The main research includes the design of an AFLC for the HESS and the design of the optimal capacity for the HESS. A probability approach is used to determine the rated power and capacity of the HESS, while an AFLC for power distribution of the HESS is designed to effectively utilize individual ESS’s characteristics. Different cases of the studied system are analyzed to investigate the effects of the selected capacity joined with the designed AFLC on smoothing power for the studied system.
Participating in demand response has significant advantages for both consumers and electricity producers, i.e., saving on high electricity prices for the user, and helping utilities in peak load curtailment. In this paper, a new concept based on fuzzy logic for demand-side load management in residential buildings is presented. The proposed fuzzy logic rule-based algorithm is developed for four important factors: current outdoor temperature, current load demand, current electricity price, and occupant presence. The approach proposed is the result of integration of wireless sensors and fuzzy logic concept. The approach is applied to existing wireless programmable thermostats to add more intelligence for load reduction in residential buildings by considering the input parameters. To gain better understanding, the wireless programmable thermostat is designed and simulated in Matlab GUI as a simulator. The results show that the system by combining the fuzzy rules reduces the temperature (load reduction) which results in better energy management and conservation in heating/cooling systems. Besides, the method is automatically able to help households to decrease their load during peak price and peak load periods. By considering the user activities in the house, it provides occupant's thermal comfort as well.
This work proposed to design anti-collision car system that could predict the collision using fuzzy logic, controlled by PIC16F877A with pulse width modulation (PWM) technique. The ultrasonic sensor and humidity sensor are used to measure the distance and detect the relative humidity (RH) of the road condition. PWM duty ratio of a moving and stop condition of the vehicle are indicated with a value of > 70% and < 40%, respectively. For a dangerous situation, the DC motor is turned off and the LED display is turned on as a warning to the driver.
This paper presents a new robust Fuzzy logic controller that extends the concepts of advanced process control in new directions by performing servo-tracking and disturbance rejection simultaneously. An attempt has been made to analyze the efficiency of an intelligent fuzzy controller (IFLC) on Continuous Stirred Tank Reactor (CSTR) Level loop. Analysis of the effects studied through computer simulation using Matlab/Simulink toolbox. Here the conventional PID controller parameters are designed based on Ziegler-Nicholas method and its servo & regulatory responses are compared with Fuzzy logic controller based on mamdani model. The real time implementation of the process is designed and implemented in LabVIEW using Data Acquisition Module. It is observed from the results of Fuzzy Logic controller performs in no overshoot, faster settling time, better set point tracking and produces lower performances indices like Integral square error (ISE).
Mobile applications in the area of human-centered applications are based on fuzzy logic have exhibited their effectiveness in managing intelligent environments, however the deployment of mobile fuzzy logic systems has been usually associated with dedicated hardware and software packages. Introducing openness for fuzzy logic systems offers exciting features such as system independence, simplicity, load balancing, and controlled resource allocation. On the other hand, while major cloud service providers support readymade commercial services for AI techniques such as for deep neural networks, there is no similar services for fuzzy logic systems. This study aims to develop a cloud-based fuzzy logic system under Microsoft Azure, employing Simpful as the cloud-side Python library and FML as data exchange standard. The developed cloud service is shown to effectively serve mobile phone applications for human monitoring purposes. Also in the present study, two types of fuzzy inference systems namely Mamdani and TSK have been utilized wherein both these systems have been compared on the basis of their processing time and accuracy of result. Results indicated that Mamdani fuzzy inference system outperformed TSK fuzzy inference system in terms of processing time by 0.456 seconds. Moreover, the detection accuracy of Mamdani system was found to be higher than that of TSK system by 6.82%.
This paper presents a fuzzy logic controller (FLC) that has been implemented to control the steam temperature in steam distillation for the extraction oil. The objective of this research is to implement the ARMAX model structure and to design the typical controller using FLC to control the steam temperature as a controlled parameter. Temperature regulation is an importance factor to avoid the degradation of the quality oil produced. PRBS input is triggered to the system and output of steam temperature is modeled using ARMAX model structure. FLC is designed with two inputs and one output which are error, difference error and voltage respectively. There are 49 fuzzy rules that involved in performing the FLC. The experimental result demonstrates that the proposed of FLC achieves the better result in controlling the temperature as compared to the PID controller considering the test on the set point tracking.
Traffic congestion is a problem that requires extremely complex and iterative solutions. Our work demonstrates the main Map and the theory of the proposed Hybrid system, which based on fuzzy logic technique for optimally controlling the traffic flow and accident detection in cities. The proposed system was developed into a two-layered: the Architecture layer and the Application layer. The focus of this paper is to discuss the Application layer represented by the algorithm and the methods used in the in the Intelligent Traffic light control system. The system was divided into three sub systems: The proposed Dynamic Webster with dynamic Cycle Time algorithm, Accident Detection System using fuzzy logic theory and Action System depending on Accident Detection System. This paper explain the main parts of the system with a great details showed in flow charts.
This paper presents a hybrid MPPT composed of two methods: incremental conductance (INC) and Fuzzy Logic (FL) control. This method is able to track maximum power point (MPP) under variable solar irradiance. In addition to that, it generates a modulation signal to adjust the duty cycle of boost converter to ensure fast MPPT process. In order to validate both of the effectiveness and the usefulness of the proposed system, simulation analysis and comparative studies including other known methods are conducted. The results show that the proposed method can track MPP under different solar irradiance and can reduce fluctuation around MPP area.
Photovoltaic (PV) is one of the renewable sources of energy which is used widely in industry and distribution companies consumers. Nonlinear behavior of photovoltaic panels and their output power dependency on the atmospheric conditions motivate researchers to focus on extracting maximum available power from PV panels in order to reduce the cost and maximize the efficiency. In other words, output power of PV panel is dependent on I-P and V-P characteristics and every irradiation and surface temperature of PV. Therefore, maximum power point tracking requires to be addressed to reduce transient time, power fluctuations and increase the efficiency. This is realized by controlling switching elements in DC-DC boost convertor transferring energy from PV panel to the load. This paper presents a new method in maximum power point tracking (MPPT) of PV system based on fuzzy type-2 controller, and also compares its performance with MPPT of fuzzy logic controller type one (FLC1). The PV system composed of a PV panel, DC-DC boost convertor, FLC unit and a DC load, is simulated in Matlab /Simulink. Also, experimental tests have been done for validation. Finally, the simulation results reveal that the FLC2 has better performance in providing MPPT.
A college student's life can be primarily categorized into domains such as education, health, social and other activities which may include daily chores and traveling time. Time management is crucial for every student. A self-realization of one's daily time expenditure in various domains is therefore essential to maximize one's effective output. This paper presents how a mobile application using Fuzzy Logic and Global Positioning System (GPS) analyzes a student's lifestyle and provides recommendations and suggestions based on the results.
In interconnected power system of single area network, the generator unit provides a power to various feeding consumers during time. Consequently, the generating frequency varies over the time when the connected load of the consumers changes. In this paper, the single input fuzzy logic control (SIFLC) is proposed to restore the operating frequency to its desired value under various states. This SIFLC is the simplification of a fuzzy logic control (FLC). The signed distance mothed is used for deriving single input FLC that reduces the two-input FLC to a single input. Therefore, the rule table forms from one dimensional piece wise liner control surface. The MATLAB/SIMULINK platform is carried out to validate the control actions of SIFLC and FLC. Simulation results prove that the response of SIFLC is more efficient compare to conventional FLC to the same input sets. In addition, the it requires less tuning effort and its execution time is less compared with the conventional FLC.
A solution for better controlling the number of equipments which can be powered from photovoltaic panels is presented in this paper. A hardware and software system is used for acquiring environmental data. These data are then sent to a fuzzy logic software which decides the number of equipments that will be powered directly from the photovoltaic panels, with the rest beeing pluged into the national power grid. Different ways of implementing the fuzzy logic are discussed, depending on the specific requirements: less power used from the national grid or less switching actions.
The aims of this works are to present an intelligent control based in fuzzy logic and PID controller for the maximum power point tracking (MPPT) of a photovoltaic system under variable temperature and irradiance conditions, to improve the dynamic response, the efficiency and the stability of single stage three-phase photovoltaic grid-connected inverter. The combination of the flexible and intelligent fuzzy logic with the classical PID controller makes the control of nonlinear characteristic of photovoltaic array more feasible. The proposed intelligent PID-Fuzzy logic controller automatically varies the coefficients Kp, Ki and Kd under variable temperature and irradiation. Finally the comparison of results, obtained separately from PID controller and proposed intelligent controller of PID-Fuzzy logic show the advantages of the proposed intelligent algorithm in terms of correctness and the feasibility, overshooting and stability and maintains its response better than the PID controller in many aspects.
This paper aims to contribute towards creating ambient abnormal behavior detection for smart security system from real-time human pose estimation using fuzzy-based systems. Human poses from keypoint detected by pose estimation model are transformed to as angle positions of the axis between human bodies joints comparing to reference point in the axis x to deal with problem of the position change occurred when an individual move in the image. Also, the article attempts to resolve the problem of the ambiguity interpreting the poses with triangular fuzzy logic-based system that determines the detected individual behavior and compares to the poses previously learnt, trained, and recorded by the system. The experiment reveals that the accuracy of the system ranges between 90.75% (maximum) and 84% (minimum). This means that if the accuracy of the system at 85%. The system can be applied to guide future research for designing automatic visual human behavior detection systems.
In manual grading, an expert person has to keep in mind each and every characteristic of fruit for grading. More time and cost is required for manual grading of fruits. Most of the existing systems work on individual parameters like color, shape, and size. Captured image and database image gives grading output by comparison. The proposed system is implemented for potato grading by combining different parameters like shape, size, percentage of deficiency and weight. The proposed system is real-time image processing. Potato image is properly captured by a camera and processed by image processing chamber. The system gives 1-D image parameter detection for grading of potatoes. Shape, size, percentage of deficiency and weight are calculated. Knowledge base fuzzy rules are designed. The system is automatic grading of potatoes, to overcome manual grading. The system reduces time and cost required for manual grading. The system gives the better result as compared with manual grading. By using computer vision and fuzzy logic, faster grading of potatoes is achieved.
Images act as major source for the assessment of data in many major fields relating to astronomical, medical, and geographical. While capturing the image or because of background lighting, some features may be lost or may be given less priority. In order to accentuate the important features present in the image we prefer enhancement process. In this paper, a new type of algorithm is used to enhance the images that are of poor quality which is based on fuzzy logic. Based on the parameter which is used for stretching of contrast, the fuzzy rules are applied to the range of pixels.
This article introduces complemental fuzzy sets, explains their semantics, and presents a subclass of this model that generalizes intuitionistic fuzzy sets in a novel manner. It also provides practical results that will facilitate their implementation in real situations. At the theoretical level, we define a family of c-complemental fuzzy sets from each fuzzy negation c. We argue that this construction provides semantic justification for all subfamilies of complemental fuzzy sets, which include q-rung orthopair fuzzy sets (when c is a Yager's fuzzy complement) and the new family of Sugeno intuitionistic fuzzy sets (when c belongs to the class of Sugeno's fuzzy complements). We study fundamental operations and a general methodology for the aggregation of complemental fuzzy sets. Then, we give some specific examples of aggregation operators to illustrate their applicability. On a more practical level, constructive proofs demonstrate that all orthopair fuzzy sets on finite sets that satisfy a mild restriction are Sugeno intuitionistic fuzzy sets, and they are  q-rung orthopair fuzzy sets for some q too. These contributions produce a new operational model that semantically justifies, and mathematically contains, “almost all” orthopair fuzzy sets on finite sets.
Possibility system has been recently recognized as a potential foundational theory for fuzzy set theory though the concept of possibility originated from the membership function of fuzzy sets. As an application of fuzzy set theory, fuzzy control has been widely used in engineering practices, where control laws are described by fuzzy if-then rules. This paper intends to formulate fuzzy control in the framework of possibility theory by regarding the fuzzification procedure of fuzzy control as extraction process of the fuzzy variable from crisp input, and the fuzzy if-then rules as extracted rules between fuzzy input/output. Typical procedures of fuzzy control, such as fuzzification, implication, aggregation, and defuzzification, are eventually formulated as a series of conditional possibilities operated by “max-product” operators. The reformulated fuzzy controller has a more general form, which encompasses the Mamdani fuzzy controller as a special case. Some fundamental concepts of possibility theory, such as randomness/fuzziness, possibility, and conditional possibility, are also discussed, which may be helpful for the correct understanding of possibility theory. Efforts have been made to bridge the two systems of possibility theory and fuzzy sets by the derivation of composition rule of fuzzy relations from conditional possibility. All results are derived for both normalized possibility and non-normalized possibility. This paper strengthened the role of possibility theory as a foundation for fuzzy sets, and as a complementary method to probability theory for handling information with fuzzy uncertainty.
The increasing penetration of renewable energy sources (RESs) brings about critical challenges on power system frequency stability. More specially, the RESs are integrated into power systems through electronic converters, and provide less inertia to counter frequency deviations after contingencies. This paper proposes an event-driven fast frequency response (EFFR) approach based on fuzzy logic controller (FLC), in order to improve the frequency control under serious contingencies. An event-driven control framework is established, in which the contingencies and corresponding disturbance power are monitored. And once the specific contingencies are detected, the EFFR scheme will be actuated rapidly. Then, the FLC is employed to attain the control commands for EFFR, which are the required extra power of controlled units. Using the disturbance power and frequency deviation as input variables, the FLC can consider both the occurred contingencies and current power system states simultaneously. A case study is carried out to verify the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed approach.
Fuzzy logic and its applications in control systems have shown a relevant importance in non-linear systems and industrial automation developments, however its main disadvantage is the computational cost involved, having effects on the system performance and its processing. In this document a new Concretion method based on Boolean relations (CBR) is presented, showing a methodology design, its fundamentals and the use of a related defuzzification method named Defuzzification based on Boolean Relations (DBR) which has been validated in previous works. The methodology is evaluated in a Buck-Boost converter and compared with a Mandani controller. Control and computational indices are considered demonstrating the quantitative performance and showing the advantages of the proposed method.
Mammography is the primary and most reliable technique for breast cancer detection. Mammography being low cost low dose X-ray procedure, it can produce low contrast noisy images of poor visual quality. This can result in subtle malignancies remaining unnoticed. Histogram Equalization and its variations are some of the commonly used methods for contrast enhancement. However, these methods when applied to mammograms produce images with washed out appearance and sometimes, with uncontrollable change in luminance and brightness. To improve the quality of mammograms for better perception, adaptive fuzzy logic based bi-histogram equalization (AFBHE) is proposed in this paper which combines fuzzy logic with Brightness Preserving Bi-Histogram Equalization. The merit of the proposed method is that it is adaptive in nature where all the parameters are computed based on the characteristics of the mammographic images. In the first stage, grey level intensities are transformed to an adaptive fuzzy plane with values ranging from 0 to 1. In the second stage, bi-histogram equalization is applied to the fuzzy domain. In the final stage, the fuzzy plane is mapped back to grey level image. The proposed method has been tested on several mammograms. Both subjective quality assessment and objective quality assessment techniques like PSNR, SSIM, NCC, UIQI and DE has been applied to evaluate the performance of the proposed method. Experimental results show that the proposed method is found to have an edge over other contemporary methods in terms of visual quality, local information preservation and controlled contrast enhancement.
A Wireless sensor network is a collection of sensor nodes which are limited energy resources. Therefore, the main issue is how to optimize the energy consumption to maintain the sensor nodes alive as long as possible. In this paper, we propose a new algorithm that divides the network area to zones and uses the fuzzy logic method to select Cluster Heads (CHs). To this aim, we have taken into account a set of parameters related to the node for selecting CHs. These parameters are used as inputs to the Fuzzy Inference System. Simu-lation results show that our algorithm succeeds to increase the stability period, save the energy and hence, prolong the lifetime of the network.
Data fusion of sensors is a useful technique to obtain more comprehensive information about the monitoring targets in wireless sensor networks (WSN). This paper proposes a data fusion algorithm based on fuzzy logic theory to monitor a parking space in the parking lot using magnetic sensors and point out the probability of occupancy of the corresponding parking space. Simulation results show that our algorithm gathers more accurate information about the monitoring targets to support right decisions and has the ability of anti-interference.
The existing power transmission capabilities can be flexibly controlled and enhanced with the help of new technology called Flexible AC Transmission System (FACTS). This power electronics based technology can be used individually or in coordination with other controllers. Static VAR Compensator (SVC) is a shunt connected FACTS device, used for voltage control and for reactive power compensation. In the existing system, the SVC uses a PI controller, which though simpler and cheaper, not suitable for non-linear characteristics. In order to overcome this, the controller is designed as a combination of both PI controller and Fuzzy Logic Controller, thereby gaining the joint advantages of both types. The designed model has been tested in a 2 machine 3 bus test system using MATLAB software. The simulation results show that the new controller logic gives better and quick performance compared to the other types.
Detecting faults on PV systems is an essential and important part of monitoring and controlling electrical systems. Providing high-quality power supply requires an efficient diagnostic system capable of handling failures in photovoltaic systems. This paper proposes an experimental diagnosis for Photovoltaic Panel using the DS1104 platform in order to implement the diagnosis model developed in Matlab/Simulink® software. The Diagnosis technique has been achieved using an experimental database of climatic and electrical parameters from a PV panel installed at LGEB Laboratory of University of Biskra, (Algeria). The obtained results show a fast classification and give an accurate fault location using the Fuzzy Logic Classifier (FLC) (the investigated faults are: Different cases of shading effect and short-circuit of the By-pass diode).
Crop type classification using remote sensing data plays a vital role in planning cultivation activities and for optimal usage of the available fertile land. Thus a reliable and precise classification of agricultural crops can help improve agricultural productivity. Hence in this paper a gene expression programming based fuzzy logic approach for multi-class crop classification using Multispectral satellite image is proposed. the purpose of this work is to utilize the optimization capabilities of GEP for tuning the fuzzy membership functions. the capabilities of GEP as a classifier is also studied. the proposed method is compared to Bayesian and Maximum likelihood classifier in terms of performance evaluation. from the results we can conclude that the proposed method is effective for classification.
The migraine headache is a kind of most populated headache which its rate of population is so high. The first step for starting of treatment is the recognition stage. Also the fuzzy logic has good power for describing of enigmatic and imprecise aspects and due to this reason this tool could be used for the system modeling. The aim of this research is the migraine recognition by the usage of fuzzy logic and systems. A fuzzy expert system for diagnosis of migraine by LFE algorithm is presented, that Mamdani model was used in fuzzy inference engine using MAX-MIN as OR-AND operators and Centroid method was used as defuzzification technique. By the usage of 148 patients, the migraine diagnostic system has been trained by LFE algorithm and in average 80 pieces of IF-THEN rules have been produced for fuzzy system and accuracy, precision, sensitivity, specificity of the system were 97%, 80%, 70%, 94%. By attention to this point that the linguistic rules may be incomplete when human expert to express their knowledge and according to importance of early diagnosis and favorable results, the LFE training algorithm rather than human experts system, will be more effective for recognition of migraine headache.
The calculation of health index is a very useful tool for maintenance prediction of transformer. The overall health condition of a transformer is directly evaluated by diagnostic test performed in the insulation of the transformer. Then results of these tests are used for timely health evaluation and remnant life estimation. This shows the insulation degradation in transformer with the help of different transformer parameters. These parameters mostly act at the same time and due to these reasons transformer health index evaluation would be difficult. In this paper different parameter like DGA, SFRA, water content IFT, UV Spectrophotometry and hot spot temperature of transformer are used to create a fuzzy sub-models for assessment of the respective critical conditions of the transformer. Overall fuzzy model is developed by integrating fuzzy sub models. This fuzzy model provides the facility to identify the insulation condition and its criticality level. The integrated fuzzy sub model approach decreases the complexity in the evaluation of health index and life estimation. The health index helps us to know about condition of transformer so that necessary actions can be taken at appropriate time.
The power generated by solar panels is mainly influenced by the intensity of solar irradiance. This project utilized dual-axis solar tracking based on light intensity comparison with a fuzzy logic intelligent method. The hardware system consists of an Arduino UNO microcontroller as the main controller and four Light Dependent Resistor (LDR) sensors for sensing the maximum incident intensity of solar irradiance. Initially, two power window motors (one for the horizontal axis and the other for the vertical axis) coordinate and alternately rotate to scan the position of the sun. The mechanism of each axis movement is based on a power window motor which is controlled by a fuzzy logic controller system that moves according to the inputs received from the LDR sensors. The fuzzy logic controller helps the microcontroller to give the best inference concerning the direction to which the solar PV panel should rotate and the position in which it should stay. In conclusion, the solar tracking system delivers high efficiency of output power with a low power intake while it operates.
This article discusses the application, as well as the synthesis, of a fuzzy logic algorithm in beamforming devices of antenna complexes for setting up a spatial barrier against unmanned aerial vehicles, which, due to the processing of fuzzy input variables, will allow us to form and adapt the radiation pattern we need in real time to a specific case. This solution has the following advantages: without strict restrictions on fuzzy and previously unknown parameters of the input signal received from the detected object, and limited by the knowledge base embedded in the parameters of the mathematical apparatus of beam formation of traditional methods, it allows increasing the speed of operation and adaptation of the system, increasing variability and reliability systems in emergency situations, and will also increase resistance to destabilizing factors. The first part of the article provides a rationale for the relevance of the topic and the reasons for choosing an algorithm based on fuzzy logic. The second part of the article contains the synthesis of an algorithm for the selected SMART antenna system with the definition of the functions of the necessary input and output parameters, as well as the formation of rules for the operation of the system.
Understanding human’s emotion is a vital task in the computer science and machine learning. People could easily distinguish the genuine and posed anger while it could be difficult for computers to judge the authenticity of anger. In this paper, apart from the fully connected Neural Networks built in the previous research, methods of LSTM (Long short-term memory) Networks and Fuzzy logic classification are also built for telling the posed angers from genuine ones using limited data. Then the paper compared the performance of these three popular classification methods. Carefully designed modifications have been made on these models to increase the performance.
Direct flux control (DFC) is one of the sensorless methods, which is used to acquire the electrical rotor position of permanent magnet synchronous machines (PMSMs) for all speeds. The DFC is implemented on a TriCore PXROS platform, which is connected to the real PMSM. Flux linkage signals are measured to calculate the electrical rotor position by using an approximation function. Due to the weak intensity of the measured flux linkage signals of the buried magnet PMSM, a fuzzy logic is selected as a tool to overcome the mentioned problem. The fuzzy logic is designed based on the flux intensity characteristics, which are recognized by driving the motors. Thus, a flux intensity management (FIM) strategy by fuzzy logic is proposed in this paper to solve the obstacle. Consequently, the buried magnet PMSM electrical rotor positions can be acquired for all speeds by employing the DFC and the FIM methods.
The imperative aspect for any wireless network node is to know the authenticity of its association. Any rogue node associations can seriously compromises, not only the wireless node, but the entire wireless network as well. Many researchers have proposed protocols to overcome this issue. However, these protocols do not effectively solve the rogue network issue. Henceforth, we propose the Security Swarm Wireless Access Algorithm which is a functional layer model that utilizes fuzzy logic. Our algorithm improves the security of the wireless associations of a node in a rogue node scenario.
This paper proposes a Disease Inference Scheme based on Fuzzy Logic for Patient's-customized Healthcare. It consists of the Fuzzy-based Disease Rules Module (FDRM) and the Fuzzy-based Disease Inference Model (FDIM). The Fuzzy-based Disease Rules Module (FDRM) computes the conditional support between attributes and generates the Fuzzy Rules considering the relation between them, unlike the traditional C4.5 algorithm, by using the attributes whose conditional support is high. Therefore, because the generated Fuzzy Rules make the number of attributes decreased more than those in the traditional C4.5 algorithm, they make the accuracy of rules improved more. The Fuzzy-based Disease Inference Module (FDIM) not only can reason a patient's disease accurately by using the generated Fuzzy Rules and a patient disease information but also can prevent a patient's disease beforehand.
The article is devoted to the use of fuzzy logic for the automated control of heat supply of complex greenhouses with traditional and renewable energy sources. The paper also reviewed aspects for seminars in relevant technical disciplines in engineering education (designing of thermal systems).
In this paper, fuzzy logic based proportional integral derivative controller with filter (PIDF) is proposed for photovoltaic array fed multilevel converter. Initially, the test is carried out using conventional PIDF controller and it yields poor transient response due to the improper tuning of its gain values. Secondly, a fuzzy-tuned PIDF controller has been designed and implemented. The fuzzy controller abstain the gain of the controller based on the operating point of the solar array. Different parameters of the PIDF controller such as faster transient response, less settling time, and lower peak overshoot has been studied under partial shading condition of the photovoltaic array. The comparison is made with the conventional PIDF controller with different gains of fuzzy based PIDF controller. The results indicate that the fuzzy based PIDF controller is suitable for PV array fed multilevel converter.
The coconut is one of the most useful trees in the world. Its fruit, with the scientific name cocos nucifera, is one of the major agricultural products of the Philippines. The coconut fruit depending on its maturity is used as a food or as a beverage. There are three stages of maturity namely: malauhog, malakanin, and malakatad. The classification into each stage may be based on the color and hardness of its shell so as the amount and tenderness of its meat. To categorize maturity stage, this paper uses fuzzy logic with color and sound as fuzzy inputs. Image color analysis for determining the percentage brown in the shell. Sound spectral analysis for relating the shell hardness and meat condition. Fuzzy inference system for evaluating the relationship of sound and color with the maturity of a coconut fruit. This study is able to simulate coconut fruit maturity classification system using a fuzzy logic approach.
The need for electrical energy for the household sector has become a basic need. However, there are still people who complain about expensive electricity bills. In addition, the use of electricity is not recommended to exceed the power capacity which can cause a short circuit. Therefore, a tool is needed, namely a Smart Meter that can monitor the use of electrical energy and can perform load shedding automatically to reduce the occurrence of short circuits. The load shedding automation system uses one of the methods of artificial intelligence technology, namely by using Mamdani's Fuzzy Logic so that it can recognize patterns, classify/identify, predict, and optimize the use of electrical energy. Load shedding is carried out based on priority loads and non-priority loads. From testing the load shedding automation system which was carried out 5x with 6x load combination trials, it resulted that in the 1st to 4th experiments, Relay_Hidup3 output was obtained. To carry out the load shedding process, the average delay time is 2,302 seconds
During the period of regular epidemic prevention, reasonable ventilation management can reduce the probability of virus infection. In the paper, the STM32F429 microcontroller is used as the control center of the whole system, and the AP6181 chip is used to obtain the local weather conditions of the network API, and a screw-based window switch actuator is designed. To comprehensively consider the ventilation requirements and the human comfort which influenced by temperature and humidity, the fuzzy logic algorithm is used to make control strategies, and the system can also be remotely controlled through new designed mobile APP, which realizes the intelligent management of the laboratory ventilation system. In this paper, the simulated windows are tested. The results show that the communication success rate of the system is 96%, and the movement error of the actuator is 5mm, which can meet the requirements of laboratory ventilation system.
Induction motors are critical components in many industrial processes. Online monitoring of induction motors is becoming increasingly important. The main aim of this paper is to perform the electrical fault analysis of a three phase induction motor using simulation in MATLAB SIMULINK and to design a fuzzy logic algorithm for detecting and analyzing the electrical fault of the motor. Several types of electrical faults such as under voltage fault, unbalance fault, overload fault and earth faults are experienced in three phase induction motor. This paper presents a systematic approach to detect and analyze the electrical faults of an induction motor. The work is explained in three phases. The first phase explains the causes and after effects of different types of electrical faults in an induction motor. The mathematical model and simulation of induction motor with different types of electrical faults are explained in second phase.The design and simulation of fuzzy logic algorithm for identification and analyzing electrical faults are discussed in third part. In this work, fuzzy logic is used to make decisions about the motor condition with high accuracy.
Floods can occur in places where precipitation and river runoffs are high. Prolonged rainfall over a region is the primary cause of floods. However, there are other factors that influence the severity of the flood such as the geographical location, the soil infiltration capacity and the level of water runoff across a localized area. This makes flood detection systems a very complex system to design as it deals with many variables and ambiguities. Fuzzy logic systems are known to be able to deal with ambiguous systems. The underlying principles of fuzzy logic are, that it is able to imitate the human reasoning process through the combination of linguistic terms and degree of membership. Furthermore, through this approach, the development time and complexity of flood detection system design can be further reduced. In this study, the inputs for this Fuzzy-Logic Based Flood Detection System were rainfall amount, soil moisture, surface water runoff level, and the type of monsoon season Whereas, the output was flood risk. Semtech SX1278 LoRa chip was used to provide a low-power and long-range wireless communication method for the offsite sensor nodes (Branch Nodes). Overall, the system had proven to be reliable as it produces different flood risk levels within expectations when the branch nodes were placed in three distinct elevations. Furthermore, a UI was developed which allows user to view flood parameters using a smart device. Also, the branch nodes are able to achieve more than four months of battery life with a 2000 mAh battery. The flood risk output of this project has novel values as there are currently no publicly available flood risk data in Malaysia that can be compared or categorized at the time this paper was written.
Fuzzy logic approach is used in this risk assessment to analyze the generic threats in the education institution towards firewall. This assessment is very crucial as the firewall is the main network security appliance and it represents security of the whole network. The generic threats list was chosen based on MyRAM (2005) guideline from Malaysian Administrative Modernization and Management Planning Unit (MAMPU). The qualitative method that leads to the understanding and holistic description of a phenomenon was applied in this study. It also generates rich, detail data from a multiple perspectives. Overall result obtained from this research shows that firewall faced moderate level of threat, which means it asunder an acceptable risk that needs suitable plan to cope with the foreseen threat.
Technologies based on renewable energy are maturing into viable choices for providing quick, dependable power to every home in the world. Since solar radiation, cell temperatures, and environmental conditions all fluctuate, the output power from solar photovoltaic modules is unpredictable. Therefore, maximum power point trackers are required to maximize solar energy collection and enhance photovoltaic system performance. In this article, we'll deal with two MPPT controllers that are different from each other in approach, Performance in tracking toward fast irradiance and temperature change is examined between a proportional-integral (PI) controller and a fuzzy logic controller by MATLAB/Simulink. Based on the simulation results, it was clear that the fuzzy logic controller outperformed the PI controller. The fuzzy logic controller can dampen oscillation while also providing a fast reaction to fluctuations in solar radiation, and unlike the conventional PI controller, it doesn't even need the settings adjusted.
The development of information technology is very rapid at this time, more or less has affected the whole community. This research makes educational games with learning materials to know historical figures by arranging puzzle pieces. In this game, players will arrange puzzles according to their level, namely easy, medium and difficult. If the player can finish the game well, he will applied to the game which is useful for setting the game score that will be given to players who successfully complete the puzzle pieces. With fuzzy logic is expected to improve the quality of user interaction with game play
Information Communication Technology (ICT), especially Internet of Thing (IoT), has received many attentions from many researchers. In healthcare, IoT has proven in improving the quality of health services. Many IoT-based digital systems, such as WIFI digital thermometer, Telemetry Digital Pacemaker and Remote Digital Blood Pressure, have been developed recently. The systems allow physicians in hospitals to remotely monitor the condition of patients continuously. It enhances the quality of caring for the patients to be anytime and everywhere. However, most of the systems have been developed without considering energy issues. As a result, most of the systems may be suspected wasteful of energy consumption due to data transmission occurs frequently and continuously. In the other hand, research reports on the energy consumption of the systems have not been performed. It causes difficulty in obtaining data on the energy consumption of monitoring fever body temperature. To address these issues, this research develops an IoT-based digital thermometer that is called HI-Thermo. HI-Thermo is an adaptive system that is utilized fuzzy logic to optimize the use of energy on the proposed system. Fuzzy logic saves energy by controlling the transmission interval in Hi-Thermo. Several experiments have been conducted to evaluate the performance of HI-Thermo; and rigorous data results have been analyzed from the experiments. The results show that HI-Thermo saves energy of monitoring significantly. For fever body temperature monitoring, the proposed system consumes 15% lower than the existing traditional monitoring of body temperature, which does not implement the fuzzy logic.
The online monitoring of induction motors is becoming increasingly important. The main difficulty in this task is the lack of an accurate analytical model to describe a faulty motor. A fuzzy logic approach may help to diagnose induction motor faults. This work presents a reliable method for the detection of stator winding faults (which make up 38% of induction motor failures) based on monitoring the line/terminal current amplitudes. In this method, fuzzy logic is used to make decisions about the stator motor condition. In fact, fuzzy logic is reminiscent of human thinking processes and natural language enabling decisions to be made based on vague information. Therefore, this paper applies fuzzy logic to induction motors fault detection and diagnosis. The motor condition is described using linguistic variables. Fuzzy subsets and the corresponding membership functions describe stator current amplitudes. A knowledge base, comprising rule and data bases, is built to support the fuzzy inference. The induction motor condition is diagnosed using a compositional rule of fuzzy inference. Experimental results are presented in terms of accuracy in the detection motor faults and knowledge extraction feasibility. The preliminary results show that the proposed fuzzy approach can be used for accurate stator fault diagnosis.
Renewable energy is becoming more popular every day. This is mainly attributed to threats that fossil fuels pose towards the climate change, and also the fact that they are scarce. Thus, solutions such as solar energy are among the top trending alternatives to the fossil fuels. However, one of the main issues with solar energy, particularly with its most popular technique, the photovoltaic solar arrays, is that they are not efficient when it comes to their ratio of power to cost. In order to address this problem, we propose a voltage regulation system that enhances photovoltaic system. The main feature of this system is that it uses a DC-DC converter that regulates the power using specific voltage inputs. Combining this system with Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT), the efficiency of the photovoltaic panels to reach its maximum capacity. The voltage is regulated using a buck and boost converter. In order to simulate the environment, MATLAB SIMULINK is used for developing and implementing the system, as well as applying the algorithms related to the fuzzy logic controller for Pulse Width Modulation (PWM) signal generation on the converter. The results indicated that using fuzzy logic technique is an effective method for the increasing the photovoltaic system power to cost efficiency. Other than being a novel technique, the fuzzy logic strategy is also robust and adaptable, which allows it to be combined with a multitude of systems.
Image enhancement means to enrich the perception of images for human viewers. Image fusion is performed on many schemes. DWT is the most generally used image fusion method, which fuses the source pictures or images in wavelet space as maintained by some fusion rules. But, because of the uncertainties of the source images contributions to the fused image, to intend a good fusion rule to fit in however much data as could reasonably be expected into the fused picture turns into the most vital issue. On the other hand, AFL is the most ideal approach to determine uncertain issues, A new image fusion technique based on DWT and adaptive fuzzy logic is introduced in this paper. Before doing Discrete wavelet transform to source images, it computes the weight of each source images coefficients through AFL and then fuses the coefficients through weighted averaging with the processed weights to acquire a combined picture. By using the Mean Square Error (MSE) as criterions, simulation results would demonstrate that the new method is more effective and strong than the conventional fusion methods based on wavelet transform.
With the development of heterogeneous wireless network, mobility management is one of the key issues, and handoff management is one of the most important issues in mobility management. Aiming at vertical handoff here presents a fuzzy logic based on motion trend of vertical handoff algorithm. The algorithm is divided into pre-determined, fuzzy logic control and handoff decision process. In the pre-determined procedure, according to the motion trends of MN and the received signal strength of WLAN to filter out the information which are not appropriate, and reduce the amount of unnecessary data and system overheads. Then, put the RSS, network available bandwidth and the cost into the fuzzy logic controller, get the value of the final comprehensive performance of the network (VCPN) by normalizing, and finally making the decision according to VCPN and the dwell time. Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm can make the handover decision effectively, eliminate of ping-pong effects and improve the network switch performance.
ECG (electrocardiogram) signals have been widely used to determine the cardiovascular conditions of individuals. In this research, an Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS) is designed to identify six different heart conditions: normal sinus rhythm, premature ventricular contraction (PVC), atrial premature contraction (APC), left bundle branch block (LBBB), right bundle branch block (RBBB), and paced beats. The inputs to ANFIS are the seven time-domain features extracted from ECG signals, such as the Q amplitude, the QRS interval, etc. The proposed approach is tested on the ECG signals of MIT-BIH database; and computer simulation results indicate this method is promising with an average accuracy of 98.39%, and an average specificity of 99.67%.
In robotics and in many other applications, computer vision, object recognition and object tracking have been subject to a lot of active research with many different approaches and interesting results. In our project, we consider the automatic target-tracking problem in order to find an efficient and useful method for UAV. We use AR.Drone 2.0 as the air platform for tracking a target. In order to guarantee that the AR.Drone can recognize the target for correctly, QR code and ar_track_alvar are used as the target marker. The control of the drone is done using Robot Operating System (ROS). In this paper, we present the tracking-target control law based on a fuzzy logic controller. Input to the fuzzy logic controller is the information acquired from the cameras. Obtained information from vision system can be easily fitted fuzzy logic rules. The proposed algorithm is based on a small number of input parameters, what results in low requirements of computational power. The algorithm was checked during simulation studies. Simulation results prove the efficiency of the proposed intelligent control strategy.
This paper present an obstacle avoidance approach for e-puck module by using Fuzzy Logic controller. The input from eight (8) IR sensors and the output of the motor speed will be used to construct the Fuzzy Logic rules. Test environment, e-puck robot and Fuzzy algorithm was model and programmed by as a Webots Pro Simulation software. The Fuzzy system for e-puck robot was validated in a few environments. The result shows the e-puck module can avoid that static obstacles successfully until it reach a goal point. The robot performance in term of distance and time was recorded when the robot works in simple, average and complex obstacle environments.
With the development of mobile devices, their abilities of computing power, perception and storage have been strengthened greatly, which makes mobile phone-based crowd-sensing meet an opportunity to develop rapidly. But there are still some challenges in the local analysis method of mobile device acting as client terminal. The paper proposes a context speculating method based on an improved fuzzy logic algorithm, which modifies the membership functions to compute the membership size, and then compute the probability of all the membership size to suit more complex situations, and finally get the context speculating result by the integrating of three axises acceleration information, which can provide a more precise decision to the server and reduce remarkably the burden of the server.
Recently, many works have investigated the identification of learner's working memory capacity (WMC) from his/her behavior in learning systems. These works used a mechanism, called dichotomic node network, able to create representation of the learner's WMC taking into account different theories from the literature. However, this mechanism could only provide a binary representation of learner's WMC (High or Low), whereas the WMC is estimated by 7 (plus or minus two) items. This paper presents an alternative based on fuzzy logic for precisely estimate the WMC of the learner while using learning system or playing educational games. The proposed approach can improve the accuracy of learner model and then enable the fine grained recommendations that positively affect the learners' learning.
This paper presents a comparative analysis between the two controllers, PI and fuzzy logic controller used for power factor correction using DC to DC CUK converter. MATLAB/SIMULINK models of CUK converter are developed to improve the power factor and output voltage regulation. Hysteresis current control technique is used for input power factor correction and PI or Fuzzy Logic Controller is adopted for regulation of the output voltage. The system is tested at both steady state, transient condition and its performance is then estimated and compared in terms of various parameters like, Total Harmonic Distortion (THD), input power factor, output voltage ripple for PI and Fuzzy Logic Controller.
The industrial sector requires not only the performance of systems in terms of quality, productivity and reliability, but also in terms of security. The implementation of Fuzzy Logic Controller (FLC) in Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) does not allow only the system reliability and reduce the controller conception life cycle, but also ensures a safety integrity level (SIL) which is required by the field of application and related to the control system architecture. Analysis of a safety fuzzy logic controller implemented in FPGA can be performed by different methods that are related to international standards (IEC 61508 [1] and ISA TR 84.0.0.2 [2]). This paper proposes the analysis of a safety fuzzy logic controller implemented in FPGA with 2003 architecture [3] using a qualitative and a quantitative analysis provided by these standards. The quantitative analysis is performed by the calculation of average probability of failure on demand (PFDavg) of safety related system to define its safety integrity level (SIL). The qualitative analysis is based on the Reliability Block Diagram method [4] and [5] and Fault Three Analysis [5] and [6].
In this paper, a non-linear control technique and an artificial intelligent controller are presented and applied to a single-phase, grid-connected PV system based on the current source inverter (CSI) topology. These techniques are investigated in order to assure a good performance of CSI in term of total harmonic distortion (THD). The design of the non-linear controller is based on the Sliding mode control (SMC) approach to establish the inverter control laws. An analysis based on Lyapunov stability approach is developed to guarantee the global asymptotic stability of the system. The intelligent controller is based on the fuzzy logic controller (FLC) to generate a reference signal. A conventional regulator PI is used in input and output of the FLC to improve the performance. Both control techniques are used to control the injected current and synchronize it with the network. This paper performs a comparative performance evaluation of both approaches. The analytical expectations of the systems are verified using MATLAB/Simulink software environment.
This research paper investigate the use of fuzzy logic based controller for outer voltage control loop have been presented. Non-linear controller such as the Hysteresis controller and linear PI controller was also used to realize the controller for a voltage source converter. From both the controller it is found that they require detail mathematical models for their Implementation. Implementation of a mathematical model sometimes does not give accurate result and it may also happen that the model does not reflect the real-time system features. So these days Fuzzy logic controllers are being implemented in the electronics field for the Implementation of controllers. Here type-2 fuzzy logic controller has been designed for outer voltage control loop using Matlab Simulink software.
In this paper, designing of the LQR controller and observer with intelligent tools for the triple inverted pendulum is investigated. Intelligent tools are considered as GA and GA-PSO optimization algorithms and fuzzy logic to qualify achieving LQR gains. The pendulum is swung up from the vertical position to the unstable position. The rules for the controlled swing up are heuristically achieved such that each swing results are controlled. The inverted pendulum and cart system are modeled and constructed their equation based on energy method. Also, the performances of the proposed fuzzy logic controller, GA and GA-PSO tuning LQR gains are investigated and compared. Simulation results show that the fuzzy Logic Controllers are far more superior in terms of overshoot, settling time and response to parameter changes.
The development of an adaptive Graphical User Interface (GUI) tailored to different user groups is a challenge to meet the requirements of private users up to governmental decision makers. The aim of the article is to demonstrate how fuzzy logic membership functions can contribute to the geo-spatial adaptivity of GUls for health service delivery in Sub-Saharan Africa, in a way that users could base their decisions on up-to-date information on resource allocation via a Geographic Information System (GIS). In the pilot region for this project, South Africa, a ubiquitous availability of mobile devices is basic constituent of the available Information Technology (IT) framework for public health service delivery. The improvement of health service delivery is based on the allocation of limited resources for public health risk mitigation. An optimization and reallocation of resources has to be communicated to the users, so that the users are aware of these changes and have access to the information where and how to access the resources to their personal risk mitigation. The GUI is developed tailored to different user groups to achieve maximum comprehensibility and effectiveness for public health risk mitigation.
Internet of Things (IoT) devices advance continuously and with such development so do the issues and complexity in their forensic investigation. Worldwide investigators face challenges in retrieving evidence from the IoT environment, which includes Devices, Networks and the Cloud. Creating a report which then can be presented in the court of law is one of the most crucial steps during such forensic investigations. In this article, we propose a Hybrid Forensic IoT Server model which registers devices and stores their data for examination purposes. Furthermore, we developed models to calculate values for report accuracy, evidence accuracy and investigator expertise as well as a new way of decision-making in forensic data sharing utilising the fuzzy logic decision making system.
Discus fish is a favourite fish because of its beauty and unique characteristic, ranging from a variety of style, colour and shape. This fish has become one of the profitable business opportunities for fish farmers, mainly for export to overseas because the price is quite expensive. However, Discus fish is difficult to maintain since it is susceptible to various diseases. An expert system application utilizing fuzzy logic is presented to resolve this problem by diagnosing diseases of the discus fish. It is expected to help beginner fish farmers to detect the disease in the earliest time. Besides diagnosing, this desktop-based application can be exploited to get more information about the diseases in order to prevent and treat the Discus fish. The algorithm shows a good result which achieves 90.32% of accuracy.
The electrical energy produced by photovoltaic (PV) is very dependent on weather conditions and the amount of solar irradiation received. Maximum power point tracking (MPPT) Fuzzy logic controller is used to increase the power generated by PV. In this study, comparing the performance of fuzzy logic controllers with two types of algorithms, namely, Perturb and Observe (P&O) and Incremental Conductance (InC). The research was carried out with simulations using Simulink Matlab and fuzzy logic control. The Buck-boost converter is used to control the power flow from the PV panel to the load. Maximum power is obtained by setting the value of the duty ratio of the buck-boost converter. Based on the simulation results of the two algorithms, the Incremental Conductance algorithm is able to track the maximum power of the module better and faster. With the maximum power of the module of 50.3 W and the output power that can be channeled at 47.25 W. The Perturb and Observe algorithm is able to reach the maximum power of the module of 50.18 W and the output power of 47.13 W.
Gravity survey measures variations in the Earth's gravitational field arising from the differences in the density between subsurface rocks. Gravity survey is used nowadays to locate minerals, petroleum resources, and ground-water reservoirs. In the past few years, gravity exploration has witnessed significant advances, especially in airborne gravity gradiometer instrument technology to cover large areas of ground in a small amount of time. The main operational drawback of the airborne gravity is the requirement for the gravimeter system to remain powered continuously. This paper presents a development of power monitoring system using fuzzy logic to control the power consumption and avoid any fluctuations between different power sources that feed the gravimeter. The approach was tested and functioned properly as a mean to reduce the risk of unexpected shortage of power.
An intelligent drilling system can be commercially very profitable in terms of reduction in crude material and labor involvement. The use of fuzzy logic based controller in the intelligent cutting and drilling operations has become a popular practice in the ever growing manufacturing industry. In this paper, a fuzzy logic controller has been designed to select the cutting parameter more precisely for the drilling operation. Specifically, different input criterion of machining parameters are considered such as the tool and material hardness, the diameter of drilling hole and the flow rate of cutting fluid. Unlike the existing fuzzy logic based methods, which use only two input parameters, the proposed system utilizes more input parameters to provide spindle speed and feed rate information more precisely for the intelligent drilling operation.
This paper proposes a dynamic-scaling adaptive fuzzy output-feedback tracking control design for nonstrict-feedback systems with unknown nonlinearities. It switches among a set of candidate controllers, each of which contains a nominal dynamic surface control (DSC) based indirect adaptive fuzzy controller and a supervisory robust controller being active in the fuzzy and non-fuzzy regions, respectively. Such a composite structure not only lifts the all-time-validity restriction of fuzzy approximation, but also is key to the feasibility of the indirect adaptive control without incurring the loop problem. By virtue of the dynamic-scaling transformation, the proposed design guarantees globally uniformly ultimately bounded (GUUB) stability under a generalized triangular growth condition.
With the development of technology, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) are getting closer to peoples life. Multiple UAV nodes form the Flying Ad Hoc Network (FANET). Due to the high mobility of the UAV nodes, the topology of the flight ad hoc network also changes rapidly. Aiming at the problem of the high average number of hops and low link connectivity, this paper adopts a fuzzy logic reinforcement learning-based routing algorithm for flying ad hoc networks. The fuzzy logic mainly determines the neighbor nodes of a node in real time. Reinforcement learning reduces the average number of hops of the route determined by fuzzy logic through continuous training. Compared with the ant colony algorithm optimization(ACO), the proposed FANET routing algorithm has significant improvement in both link success rate and average hop count. The situation is more perfect and it can better meet the requirements of the network.
Switched reluctance motor is an electric motor which possesses advantageous features that qualifies it to be used in electric vehicle and aerospace application. There are various drivers have been previously and actively being used to drive the switched reluctance motor. In this paper, the switched reluctance motor is controlled utilizing vector control using fuzzy logic controller and ANN controller in order to minimize the torque ripple by regulating torque within specified hysteresis band. Both fuzzy logic and ANN Control of Switched Reluctance Motor fed through an asymmetrical converter. Both of controllers are simulated in MATLAB/Simulink for fixed SRM parameters. According to the obtained results the switched reluctance motor is performing very well when driven by fuzzy logic controller in comparison to the ANN controller.
Switched reluctance motor has its inevitable torque ripple problem due to its unique structure and severe saturation of magnetic circuit, which affects its industrial development. The traditional current chopping control cannot track the speed deviation well, and the effect of suppressing the torque ripple is not obvious. Therefore, this paper designs a current chopping controller based on fuzzy logic rules, which achieves the purpose of reducing torque ripple more effectively by controlling the PWM on/off duty cycle of each interrupt period. The effectiveness of this strategy is verified by MATLAB / SIMULINK simulation model and experimental platform with three-phase 6/4 SRM. Results show that the proposed strategy can effectively reduce torque ripple and output a constant torque.
Load converter is the second stage of multiconverter electronic power system. Under tight control, the converter acts as constant power load (CPL). The CPL has innate incremental negative resistance properties (INR). The INR influence the power quality of system. In this paper, the proposed fuzzy logic controller aims to regulate the voltage of dc-dc buck converter which is feeding the CPL and the resistive load. The fuzzy logic controller is design to ensure the stabilization of buck converter under change the constant power load and tight voltage regulation after transient response by choosing the proper duty cycle for each cycle. The fuzzy logic controller is validated by simulation in MATLAB/Simulink.
Car braking system is the most important safety system that it has. This paper provides an automatic car braking system using Mamdani Fuzzy Logic Control. This car breaking system consists of two inputs and one output. Inputs are car position and car velocity. Car position represents the distance of the car from the obstacle detected and velocity represents the velocity of the car towards the obstacle. This output is brake that represents the car force to stop the car. The inputs use five membership functions and the output use three membership functions. The car braking system designed uses twenty five rules. Braking performance will be observed in term of distance and velocity to prevent collision.
Transcriptome profiling through next generation sequencing generates a massive list of transcripts from samples exposed to specific stimuli. This study aims to find differentially expressed genes from RNA-seq data that can be used to develop a molecular-based nitrogen sensor. The transcripts were screened using classifiers based on the expression of genes following exposure of plants to nitrogen deficiency and readaptation. Results revealed genes with antagonistic response to nitrogen availability with 135 and 67 from the leaf and root samples, respectively. Some of these genes were found associated with glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism, RNA degradation, oxidative phosphorylation, carbon fixation degradation, and metabolism of amino acid, purine, fatty acid, and butanoate. Also, a number of transporters showed considerable response to nitrogen. The identification of DEGs using fuzzy logic show potential to generate a list of candidate genes for biosensor development.
Traditional rehabilitation suffers from aplenty downfalls; they are costly and time consuming. Robotic rehabilitation has the potential to be a better substitute. Recent evidence suggests that there is a pressing need to employ the patient muscle effort to control the assistive robot, otherwise the patient may fully depend on the robot, and this leads to slackness and deteriorated muscle functionalities. The development of a non-invasive human-machine interface is challenging, since surface electromyography (sEMG) electrodes are uncertain and noise; hence a model that considers the uncertainty and noise involved seems important. This study aims to contribute to this growing area of research by exploring and comparing the performance of different Fuzzy logic techniques on the estimation of joint torques from relevant muscles electromyography measurements for the accurate control of rehabilitation exoskeletons.
Existing approaches to time series prediction using fuzzy techniques do not consider time periods in a human understandable format. The current time series based fuzzy approaches lead to large feature spaces where the individual features could be prone to noise in the individual observations. This paper presents a Time Series based Interval Type 2 Fuzzy Logic System (TS-IT2FLS) where the time periods are considered in a fuzzy manner with easily understandable linguistic labels. We have performed several experiments using various data sets where the proposed TS-IT2FLS achieved 29% higher ROC-AUC score compared to other non deep-learning approaches while our suggested approach is more explainable compared to existing approaches.
Instructor's teaching experience or instructional style (INST) is an essential factor in the knowledge transfer for T-learning [1], so in this paper I tried to cope (INST) in E-learning system as well. Specifically, this paper proposed Methodological approach based on Fuzzy logic to Select the Optimum Instructional style(s) for Designing a Specific E-learning system (MFSOI-DSE). The proposed (MFSOI-DSE) extends the fuzzy logic concepts and techniques in E-learning field, explicitly, in selecting an optimum (INST) for developing a specific courseware. In this paper I proposed a new procedure for representing the (INST) in quantitative values instead of qualitative description, using Frame of cognition/knowledge. In this paper, a conducted case study using the proposed procedure has met the selection of INST for developing a specific courseware with an expertise decision. Moreover, the paper specified the best software tools for building an automated system based on the above mentioned procedure in order to facilitate the (MFSOI-DSE). The topic of this paper lies on a multidisciplinary area of research, so it needs a solid background in computer science, Fuzzy logic and Instructional design field. Finally, I hope this paper will improve the quality of the E-learning systems based on IQP (Instructional Quality Profile) [1].
The development of control system, especially in the field of robotics was improving more progress in efforts to complete human work. One of them is an automatic goods carrier robot system that used in industry. At present, the majority of automatic goods carrier robotsystem still usea human control. In this paper, a design of automatic system for robotic goods carriers will be presented. One of the challenges in the development of a goods transport robot system is how the robot can run stably when carrying goods. This study presents a design of goods carrier robot system based on line sensors and fuzzy logic control. The input that used in this fuzzy logic system are the light and weight which obtained from the BFD-1000 sensor and barometric sensor. Meanwhile, the output of fuzzy system are the speed of right motor and the left motor, in order to stabilize the robot movement when the load was added. The simulation was is done to get the membership function value. Based on the simulation results using a case study, it is known that the load carried is 210 grams and the living sensor is sensor -2.5. Then the simulation results obtained speed of right motor PWM value of 21,9 and speed of left motor PWM value of 64,4. So that the robot runs in a straight state.
The paper presents the proposal of a trigger for the Pierre Auger surface detector based on a fuzzy logic. It is an alternative to the trigger based on an artificial neural network or discrete cosine transform. All triggers were developed for a detection of very inclined air-showers in the array of 1660 waterCherenkov detectors in Argentinean pampas. These showers may have a neutrino origin.
The paper first introduces fuzzy propositional calculus system ℋ, generalized effective inference and integral truth degree of formulas, then proves integral truth degree decreasing theorem of generalized effective inference in fuzzy propositional calculus system ℋ. Finally, the paper compares this theorem with the conclusion calculates integral truth degree using Fibonacci sequence and illustrates the superiority of the theorem.
Nowadays, DC-DC converters circuits are widely used in electronics systems in order to obtain a stabilized output voltage from a given input DC Voltage. Performance of DC-DC converters is dependent on the choice of control methods. Consequently, controlling of DC-DC converter represents essential task in power conversion. The research problem addressed in this paper is to model a controlling system for buck DC-DC converter. In this way a logic fuzzy controller is used and simulated using MAT LAB/SI MULINK to increase converter efficiency and power efficiency.
Due to the fact that proton exchange membrane fuel cell system application is restricted by its limited reliability and durability, an efficient technique for accurate and fast identification of PEM fuel cell faults is highly required. In this study, a PEM fuel cell fault diagnostic method is proposed based on fuzzy logic model and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy. The fuzzy rules used in fuzzy logic model for inferring diagnosis are derived directly from PEM fuel cell faulty mechanisms, thus avoiding inconsistent and even conflicting fuzzy rules used in previous studies. Moreover, its effectiveness in identifying different PEM fuel cell faults and various levels of faults are investigated. Results demonstrate that PEM fuel cell flooding and dehydration can be diagnosed accurately and PEM fuel cell faults at different levels can also be discriminated.
Voltage sag and harmonics are major problems that affects the power quality thereby causes severe damage to customer equipments. These power quality problems can be mitigated efficiently using Dynamic Voltage Restorer (DVR). This paper proposed two control strategies namely PI controller and Fuzzy Logic Controller with dq0 transformation for DVR using MATLAB/SIMULINK. In these control strategies, Discrete PWM pulse generator along with Phase Lock Loop was used. Simulation results show the effectiveness of control strategies to mitigate the voltage sag and harmonics during various fault conditions.
In this paper, fuzzy logic based pitch angle controller is proposed for Squirrel-Cage Induction Generator (SCIG) based wind energy system (WES) to maintain the aerodynamic power at its rated value. The proposed controller generates the pitch angle command signal which can compensate the non-linear characteristics of the pitch angle to the wind speed. The generator output power employed as a control input to the fuzzy logic controller and hence wind turbine smoothly controlled to limit the output power at the rated level. The results obtained with proposed controller has compared with conventional PI controller. The results show that the proposed fuzzy logic based pitch angle controller offers better performance than the conventional PI controller.
It is a problem for humans to search and check the source of gas leakage containing poisonous, inflammable or exploding gas. In this research, a robot arm for searching the location of gas leak has been developed. The robot arm is designed for three degrees of freedom equipped with four metal oxide gas sensors. The evaporating liquid ethanol is used as gas source to simulate the gas leakage. A fuzzy logic control system is applied to navigate the robot arm to locate the gas source. The experiment result showed that the robot arm is able to find the gas source in three different locations with accuracy is over 90% and response time is under 10 seconds.
To extract the maximum power when wind speed is below rated speed, and to adapt the aerodynamic torque of wind turbine (WT) when the wind speed is above rated speed many control strategies were discussed. In this work a comparative study using conventional (PI) strategy and fuzzy logic controller (FLC) for both Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) and Pitch angle control strategies is developed. As the conventional strategy requires a well-known mathematical model, the fuzzy logic does not need the system knowledge and it has a good potential with nonlinearities such as strong wind disturbances. The simulation results demonstrate that the fuzzy logic controller is robust and can reach better and improved control performance than the conventional control strategy, namely reference tracking, high sensitivity to high wind speed variation and nonlinearities.
The problem of energy consumption has been restricting the further development of wireless sensor networks (WSNs). The existing clustering protocols rely too much on precise mathematical models, lack flexibility, and consider a single factor, which is inconsistent with the actual application scenario of WSNs. In this paper, a clustering protocol based on fuzzy logic is proposed, which takes into account the network structure, node density and node energy status, and realizes the reasonable selection and energy distribution of cluster head nodes. At the same time, the Multi-Objective Meta-Learning (MOML) algorithm is combined. An adaptive energy consumption management scheme (hereinafter referred to as EE-WSNs FLCP&MOML) is designed. By managing and optimizing the machine learning model, intelligent energy consumption management of WSNs is realized, and energy efficiency and network stability are improved. The experimental results show that the energy-saving model can effectively reduce the energy consumption of WSNs and improve the stability and reliability of the network. The research results of this paper can provide new ideas and methods for energy saving optimization of WSNs.
This paper considers pitch control using a fuzzy logic and dc bus electrical power control in variable speed wind turbines. The system is equipped with a PMSG (Permanent Magnet Synchronous Generator) connected to the grid through back to back power converter. Variable speed wind turbines have the capability to deliver more power than the fixed speed ones, but this power may exceed the required power which will be delivered to the grid. The work is focused on the management of this excess power by using fuzzy logic controller. The aerodynamic power is limited through pitch angle control and the power on the dc bus voltage through power converter control. Comparisons between fuzzy logic and conventional controllers have been made. Satisfying results in term of pitch angle, dc bus voltage and grid power have been obtained. The whole system has been simulated using MATLAB/SIMULINK® software for ramping, step and real wind speed conditions.
The research goal is the development and investigation of the recommendations and practically applicable methods for an evaluation of the public transport passengers' thermal comfort and for an automatic application of this evaluation in adjusting the parameters of the passenger compartment's environment. In the research, for improving thermal comfort of the public electric transport's passengers, the methodology determining passenger's satisfaction with thermal comfort using the fuzzy logic controller, and the method of an automatic adjustment of thermal parameters' setpoint, carried out in passenger compartments and based on an evaluation of passenger satisfaction, are designed.
Recently, the deployment of several exhaust fans for indoor cannot perform smoke suction ditributedly with the different exhaust fan speed according to the spread of smoke concentrations. It is because of the commercial exhaust fans sold in the market only have a constant fan rotational speed (usually full speed). Therefore, in this paper, a distributed fuzzy logic exhaust fan controller system with consensus averaging is designed to control different fan speed based on the distribution of smoke concentration in a closed room. Smoke is detected by smoke sensor in the form of carbon monoxide (CO) gas from burning wood charcoal. Based on the experiment, after the fuzzy logic process, each controller can communicate and exchange fuzzy logic output with its adjacent controllers to execute average consensus algorithm to regulate fan speed with respect to smoke concentration.
This research works considered how fuzzy logic and Dempster-Shafer theory can be applied for the sepak takraw game - for addressing uncertainty in kicking range of the ball. Uncertainty happens due to lack of knowledge or unpredictable factors. The salient aspect of the approach is the integration within a Tsukamoto's fuzzy reasoning and inferences for evidential reasoning based on Dempster-Shafer theory. Sepak takraw is a highly complex net-barrier kicking sport that involves dazzling displays of quick reflexes, acrobatic twists, turns and swerves of the agile human body movement. Because of the human's involvement in the game, the fuzzy logic type reasoning are the most appropriate. We have chosen Tsukamoto's fuzzy reasoning scheme, because the individual rule outputs are crisp numbers, and therefore, the functional relationship between the input vector and the system output can be relatively easily identified. Sepak takraw is played by two regus, each consisting of three players. One of the three players shall be at the back and he is called a “tekong”. The other two players shall be in front, one on the left and the other on the right. The result reveal that if tekong is far and front player is near then another regu's player is far, if tekong is near and front player is far then another regu's player is near, moreover possibility of kicking range is another regu's player is far in kicking range.
Interval type-2 fuzzy sets used in fuzzy logic system was called interval type-2fuzzy logic system. For high-order big inertial object, the good control effect cannot be reached if normal PID control method is employed. In this paper, a interval type-2 fuzzy controller is designed based on fuzzy control theory. It can automatically modulate parameters in real-time according to the deviations and the varying rate of deviations. MATLAB simulation results show that this fuzzy controller can provide better control effect than normal PID controllers, and can greatly improves the dynamic and stable performance of the system.
In order to optimize the fuel consumption, the dynamic response and energy conversion efficiency for PEM fuel cell hybrid energy system, a new type energy management strategy based on fuzzy logic control strategy is proposed in this paper. The target output power of fuel cell takes combination criterion by the state of charge of battery pack and load variation. The IF-THEN rule is used to distribute the power between fuel cell and battery pack that fuel cell can respond quickly followed by the load variation, also to realize the energy distribution optimization between fuel cell and battery pack. The experimental result shows the strong robustness of the fuzzy logic control strategy under the load variation which verifies the correctness of the energy management strategy, also avoiding overcharge and over discharge for battery pack during the entire working period. The life of the fuel cell can be extended by the fuzzy logic control strategy.
This paper explains the study of the tuning process for fuzzy logic controller (FLC) design of an Autonomous Underwater Vehicle (AUV) for pitch-axis control. There is no systematic technique to tune the FLC to achieve a desired set point. The trial and error method is the common approach used in the tuning process of fuzzy logic controller until a satisfactory result is obtained and the performance of the system can be analyzed. The tuning process is made either to the number of fuzzy partitions or the mapping of the membership function so that the results can follow the desired set point and for this case in AUV-pitch control. This paper presents a faster tuning process by altering the mapping of the membership function to get satisfactory output. The algorithm was verified in MATLAB® Simulink platform and compare with the conventional PID controller. The FLC controller is more accurate and better than the PID controller.
This paper presents an alternative control strategy of permanent magnet synchronous motor (PMSM) drive, so called Model Predictive Direct Torque Control (MPDTC), its principle based on model system, prediction components and optimization problem. Then thus actuate the inverter. Conventional (MPDTC) both electromagnetic torque and stator flux are evaluated in the cost function. However, due to computation stator flux reference and prediction of stator flux in the next cycle, the control system has become more complicated. In this study the control algorithm successfully reduced by selected electromagnetic torque and daxis current as control variables. In addition, to improve the performance of speed tracking and increase the robustness against disturbance and uncertainties a PI-fuzzy logic controller is adopted in external speed loop where the conventional PI controller suffers from the parameters' variation. The obtained results proved the effectiveness of this strategy with encouraging performance which is manifested clearly when the suggested controller employed.
In this paper, a fuzzy logic based direct torque control method for permanent magnet synchronous motor has been proposed. Conventional direct torque control method may suffer from much torque ripple during command transients. The fuzzy logic based system proposed hereby is more accurate and can adapt quickly to varying conditions such as speed reversal, step change in torque or speed etc. In this research, a fuzzy inference system has been designed to make a human machine interface and the dynamic and steady state response error has been reduced to a much smaller value. Apart from this, the control system is made to cope with varying condition of loads during transients. The robustness to parametric uncertainty is substantiated by varying inertia, inductance, dc link voltage etc for a viscous load. A comparative study between conventional and fuzzy based direct torque control has been carried out for constant load to investigate the effectiveness of the proposed method. The system performance has been tested via computer simulation.
This article proposes a cascade control scheme of a floating interleaved boost converter consisting of a signed distance/single input FLC as an outer voltage control loop and two sliding mode controllers as an inner current control loop. Typically, the fuzzy logic controllers are designed using two-input variables, hence, a high number of fuzzy rules is needed, increasing the complexity and the rules tuning. The adopted signed distance fuzzy logic concept in this paper allows reducing the fuzzy rules number and consequently the tuning complexity. Besides the simplicity of design, many other advantages are offered by the proposed control strategy such as robustness against external disturbance and parameters variation. Computer simulations using Matlab/Simulink software were carried out to validate the efficiency and the effectiveness of the suggested strategy.
Electric motors are simple, robust and can be controlled easily through inverters. These features help in acceptance of electric motors for all kind of industrial applications. With condition monitoring technique, faults can be detected in early stage which helps in reduction of production cost of electric motor. This result can be achieved by means of increment in industrial efficiency and reduction in productive line stoppage. The main motive of this paper is to develop a computer based system by applying Fuzzy Logic. The system can be used to identify and estimate the condition of an induction motor. Several fault analysis techniques are available and vibration analysis techniques is one to detect the unusual vibrations in the motor which causes severe fault and responsible for outages. Analytical methods require in depth knowledge of motor model for fault detection so it is always feasible to implement. Therefore one important computer based technique is fuzzy logic interference system to monitor the health of motor through vibration analysis whether it is in good condition or bad. A simulation model is developed and implemented in Matlab/SIMULINK for Induction motor using Fuzzy-logic Controller.
The number of motorized vehicles operating in Indonesia is increasing, especially two-wheeled motorized vehicles. This also triggers problems such as traffic jams and accidents. Warning from brake lights is not always effective to prevent collisions. Intelligent Transport System (ITS) offers a solution that is a future trend that refers to wireless communication as a system to detect and prevent accidents. In this research, a Vehicle to Vehicle (V2V) communication system using VLC consists of Leading Vehicle (LV) and Following Vehicle (FV). In LV there is an accelerometer that is used to detect the type of brake, namely No Brake, Brake and Hard Brake. The result of calculation of fuzzy logic data is binary data sent by VLC. VLC transmitter design uses and without lenses send binary data. Binary data is sent by V2V communication between LV and FV using VLC. FV detects binary data using a photodiode in day and night conditions. The performance LV that are fuzzy logic algorithm values used have an accuracy value of 87.5%. The results of brake detection using Fuzzy Logic algorithm are binary data sent 2 second sampling time through visible light communication. The binary data process transmitted process at daytime and night. Result highest accuracy using a lens is 58.33% at daytime and 72.34% at night.
We are proposing the solution for unsupervised anomaly detection, which allows to detect unexpected activity of user or network equipment, based on the analysis of mutual dependencies of the separate slices of network activity. Proposed solution based on automation building of Fuzzy Logic Inference System, that describe general patterns of analyzed activity and is the development of Association Rules based approach. As the part of complex solution, this model can be used for discovering both typical network activity anomalies and new elements of anomaly.
Overloading is usually faced by the microgrid operated in islanded mode of operation because of no contribution of power from the main grid to the loads and total load demand must be fulfilled by the microgrid. The scenario of overloading will cause decrease in frequency. Load shedding technique is most common way to overcome this under frequency problem. Conventional techniques for under frequency load shedding are inefficient for complex microgrid and microgrid operating in islanding mode. In this paper, a fuzzy logic controller is designed to determine the optimum amount of load shed required. System frequency and its rate of variation are design parameters of the fuzzy logic controller. Priority of the load is also considered before load detaches. The proposed method is simulated on MATLAB (Simulink) model and tested for various loads. The designed fuzzy logic controller has determined the optimum load to be shed and successfully resolved the overloading problem of the microgrid.
In this paper, Sentence level Sentiment Analysis of Malayalam movie reviews is done by classifying the polarity of opinions obtained from the user as positive, negative and neutral. Sentiment analysis is an application of Natural Language Processing and text analysis which helps to identify the emotions in a given context. In this work a hybrid approach for Sentiment Analysis is used in which Machine Learning method is used for tagging and Fuzzy Logic is used to find the membership of the review in each sentiment class. Fuzzy logic can be used to handle the vagueness in natural language. Manually tagged data are trained using TnT and Fuzzy rules are incorporated for identifying and classifying the emotions. Certain other rules are also incorporated to handle certain special cases. The fuzzy rules yield output that varies in degree between 0 and 1.
Superconducting magnetic energy storage (SMES) is emerging and enabling technology for use in power systems. Its dynamic and steady-state characteristics in various power systems are largely related to its control strategies employed. This work investigates the feasibility to implant a fuzzy logic control method to a bridge-type chopper SMES system, and is analyzed theoretically for its validation.
This paper presents a type-2 Fuzzy Logic System (FLS) to support technical employees in finding company's assets in outdoor settings. The system provides the user with directions for asset location by comparing his/her current position with assets' location in real-time, giving auditory and visual feedback via a Head Mounted Display (HMD). We carried out 35 path explorations in a predefined area to test the system. The results indicated that the proposed type-2 fuzzy logic produces better performance than the type-1 based fuzzy system, giving more precise indications to reach asset's position.
This paper proposes a new suboptimal reactive control technique for controlling single body heaving wave energy converter (WEC). A self-tunable fuzzy logic controller is implemented to maximize the absorbed energy while respecting the physical limitations of the device. Particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm is utilized to carry out an on-line optimization process of the fuzzy membership functions (MFs) embedded in the fuzzy controller. The proposed PSO-FLC out-performed the conventional fuzzy logic controller (C-FLC) in terms of improving reference signal tracking accuracy, widening the device wave absorption bandwidth, and preserving a degree of robustness to model uncertainties.
This paper provides different results of simulations developed with MATLAB-SIMULINK environment consisting of modeling and controlling a photovoltaic system composed by Kaneka GSA-60 panels and supplying a 3 phased asynchronous machine. In order to maintain the best possible performance for a standalone functioning in different weather conditions; without using storage solutions; we have developed different parts of controlling system. The presented results show simulations of the developed model and the controlling system ; based on fuzzy logic technique; comparing its performance with and without Maximum Power Point Tracking system in different scenarios of solar irradiation and temperature variations.
Batteries are very important in many different applications. In the solar energy system, the batteries are used as power storage when solar energy is not available especially during night time. Batteries need to be maintained and closely monitor their condition. Battery management systems are normally used for this application but many of them are not monitoring the battery's temperature. This study will use a fuzzy logic-controlled system to manage the operation of the battery. This system will maintain the operation of the battery in the allowed operating temperature to prevent it from damaged caused by excessive internal temperature.
This work is devoted to solve reactive power and poor power factor problems that occur during the integration of renewable energy sources into the grid. For that, a Distributed Static Synchronous Compensator (D-STATCOM) is proposed. A comparative study of the compensator performance is done with a linear PI-feedforward control technique and a decoupled adaptive fuzzy logic control (AFLC) method. The last one outperforms and it reduces the number of control loop, eliminates the interaction of LCL filter parameters. The AFLC damps the resonance phenomena and reduces the effect of harmonics on the power system around the resonance frequency. In addition, the AFLC had carried robustness even in the presence of structured and unstructured uncertainties. The investigation shows that the performance of the compensator is improved at the presence of the AFLC where the measured values track references perfectly without any overshoot.
The high penetration of distributed generation (DG) is changing the energy flows in the grid, as well as the energy losses and voltage profile of the system. To solve these problems, the impact of the connection of Renewable Energy Generators (REGs) on the grid is being studied. This work is intended to present the voltage variation of each node of the distribution grid before and after the insertion of a wind turbine or solar panel and the combination of both. The proposed method is self-adaptive regulation by combining settings in P/Q or P/V mode with a setpoint decision making block (setpoint adaptation block) based on fuzzy logic in order to maintain a stable and optimal voltage profile.The simulation results obtained using Matlab®/Simulink® clearly show the efficiency of the controllers used and their optimal control capacity.
Fuzzy system, as the main method of approximate reasoning, has been widely used to solve practical problems. The existing results on fuzzy systems were based on fuzzy sets, fuzzy if-then rule, and fuzzy inference. In this work, we investigate the component of the intuitionistic fuzzy systems, such as the intuitionistic fuzzy triangular norms (IF-t-norm), the intuitionistic fuzzy residual implications (IF-R-implication), the intuitionistic fuzzy if-then rule, the intuitionistic fuzzy inference, and the intuitionistic defuzzification. Accordingly, the single input single output (SISO) intuitionistic fuzzy systems are built. Some examples are paid to illustrate the methods and their application. Moreover, the approximation properties of the intuitionistic Mamdani, the intuitionistic Larsen, the IF-t-norm, and the intuitionistic triple-I fuzzy systems are obtained, which show that the SISO intuitionistic fuzzy systems are the universal approximators.
The power plant system produces energy to be transmitted to load center through transmission system and distribution system. The transformer connects these three systems by converting the voltage level of each system. Fault on the transformer will disrupt the power supply to the load center. To maintain the availability of the transformer, the asset owner must be able to manage the transformer assets optimally. The condition of the transformer should be monitored for appropriate maintenance with the component fault. The condition of the transformer is determined by the condition of the paper insulation. The condition of paper insulation is difficult to measure directly since it requires high cost and potentially damage the transformer components. This paper shows the attempt to determine paper insulation condition without direct measurement on paper insulation. Calculation of the prediction of paper insulation condition is based on dielectric characteristics and DGA data in oil insulation of transformer. This calculation will use the fuzzy logic algorithm.
This paper presents an adaptive fuzzy logic based controller for the depth control of an Autonomous Underwater Vehicle(AUV). The kinematic and dynamic motion of an AUV is described using six degree of freedom differential equations of motion using bodyand earth-fixed frame of references. Due to hydrodynamic forces, these equations are complex, non-linear and highly coupled therefore are impractical for use in controller design. In practice, system is commonly decomposed into three non-interactive systems such as diving subsystem, steering subsystem and speed subsystem. In this study a reduced order model was derived for diving system using depth plane dynamics and a suitable dual loop control strategy is formulated by synthesizing fuzzy logic based control in series with a phase lead dynamic compensator to achieve the desired set point tracking and reasonably good performance objectives under variety of disturbances encountered in oceanic environments. The obvious benefits of this type of approach lies in the simplicity of the scheme compared to the conventional deterministic systems and easy implementation for real time control of the Autonomous Underwater Vehicles. The proposed fuzzy logic based controller accepts deterministic information, the depth of the vehicle as input and achieves imprecise reasoning and de-fuzzification to generate a deterministic control output which manipulates the pitch angle and hence the depth of the vehicle. The simulated results clearly demonstrate the efficacy of this approach as compared to the conventional PID controller designed and tuned using Ziegler-Nichols scheme.
This paper shows a far reaching performance analysis of Fuzzy logic controlled Voltage Source Inverter (VSI) based unified Power quality conditioner (UPQC) utilized or applied at various distribution levels for improvement of the electric power quality. As of late Unified Power Quality conditioner (UPQC) is being utilized as a widespread dynamic power molding gadget to relieve both voltage as well as current harmonics in a polluted power system network. Fabrication of UPQC is done implying both current source and voltage source inverter. In the present paper reference and switching signals are derived using Fuzzy logic controller and robust hysteresis band PWM techniques. In this paper, Fuzzy Logic based control scheme has been developed for the production of compensating voltages. Voltage and current harmonics are eliminated with great precision from the system by resultant compensation framework. Broad simulation results utilizing Matlab/Simulink and Simpowersystem programming for R-L load associated through an uncontrolled bridge rectifier is introduced for execution assessment.
Vehicular ad hoc networks (VANETs) have aroused wide public attention over the recent years. This paper presents a social-aware routing algorithm based on fuzzy logic algorithm, which aims at improving the data packet delivery ratio and reducing end-to-end delay. In the road, nodes use greedy algorithm with cache mechanism to select next hop, which means that neighbor node which is closest to the destination will be chosen as next hop. In the intersection, the protocol uses fuzzy logic to evaluate whether a vehicle node is a good intermediate node or not by considering the following social factors: centrality, similarity, activeness. Then the proposed protocol selects next hop according to the evaluation results of fuzzy logic, node with highest priority will be selected as next hop. Simulation results show that the introduced algorithm can provide a higher delivery ratio and a shorter end-to-end delay than existing routing protocols.
Autonomous mobile robot navigation is a very interesting problem to researchers. The electric wheelchair is a mobile robot for the disabled. The electrical wheelchair offers the possibility of outdoor or indoor autonomy navigation for a disabled person. Trajectory Tracking is a current topic in mobile robotics. In this paper a control strategy is developed. This strategy enables the electric wheelchair to follow a desired trajectory. A fuzzy logic controller is adopted in this approach. Also, a mathematical model is proposed as a kinematic model of the electric wheelchair. Then, a simulation results is presented to justify the efficiency of the method.
Power system stabilizers (PSS) must be capable of providing stabilization signals over a broad range of operating conditions and disturbance. Traditional PSS rely on robust linear design method in an attempt to cover a wider range of operating condition. Expert or rule-based controllers have also been proposed. Recently fuzzy logic as a novel robust control design method has shown promising results. The emphasis in fuzzy control design center is around uncertainties in the system parameters and operating conditions. In this paper a novel Fuzzy Logic Power System Stabilizer (FLPSS) design is proposed. A proposed FLPSS basically utilizes two signals; namely change in rotor angular speed and rate of change of angular speed. A proposed FLPSS provides a good damping over a wide operating range. The effectiveness of the proposed fuzzy stabilizer is demonstrated by a digital computer simulation in MATLAB 7.0/SIMULINK of a single machine and a resistive load power system.
A new method is proposed for time critical applications in wireless sensor network with strict real-time constraints that can be found in the application of industrial automation and avionics domain. Wireless Arbitration is a medium access control protocol which allows each user to access the channel based on their different levels of priority. Each user is pre-assigned a dedicated arbitration frequency which determines the channel access order and supports multiple users. Here a fuzzy logic method is proposed to set the arbitration threshold in Wireless Arbitration(WirArb) protocol This mechanism ensures that the higher priority user will immediately obtain channel access with low latency. Our result shows that the WirArb with variable arbitration threshold provides high performance to ensure deterministic communication.
The unstable nature of a two-wheeled inverted pendulum system has raised attention many researchers to approach various controllers that can stabilize the system. Most researchers used Arduino and NXT LEGO robot as a platform to analyze the performance of the proposed controller. In this project, fuzzy logic controller is used as a controller to stabilize the two wheeled EV3 LEGO robot through Simulink-Matlab simulation. The dynamic modelling of the system is derived using Euler-Lagrange method. Based on the proposed controller, the analysis of the simulation results show that the system achieves zero degree of tilt angle in less than 2 seconds. Various membership function of Fuzzy Logic control are tested and analyzed. The simulation results indicate that fuzzy logic controller can stabilize the two wheeled EV3 LEGO robot effectively.
The health index calculation is a very useful tool for power transformer maintenance prediction. Generally, transformer health condition is directly assessed by diagnostic tests carried out for the transformer insulation. Then these test results are used to evaluate health and to estimate the remaining life of the transformer. By using different parameters of the transformer, the Health Index shows the degradation of insulation in the transformer. These parameters of the transformer typically act at the identical time, due to this reason evaluation of health index of the transformer is very difficult. In this paper different parameters are utilized to create sub-models of fuzzy (i.e. DGA, Dielectric strength of oil, loading data, insulation resistance, C&DF) for assessment of transformer critical conditions. The integrated fuzzy model developed by combining the sub-models of fuzzy logic. This model of fuzzy logic provides the identification of transformer insulation condition & level of its criticality. The integrated fuzzy model approach decreases the complexity in life estimation and health index evaluation of power transformer. With the help of the health index, it can be determined the transformer health condition and can be taken the necessary remedial action to save the costly equipment at grid stations to overcome the occurrence of severe equipment damaging faults.
Sentiment Analysis (SA) is the study of people's opinions, emotions, and appraisals toward products and events. In the past years, it fascinated a great deal of attentions from both industry and academia for a variety of applications. Opinions are significant, because people need to make decisions. It is helpful not only for the individuals but also for the business organizations. Fuzzy logic can provide a quick way to solve the haziness present in most of the natural languages. The techniques are less explored in sentiment analysis. In this paper, Aspect based Sentiment Summarization (ASFuL) is proposed with fuzzy logic by classifying opinions polarity as strong positive, positive, negative and strong negative. It also integrates the non-opinionated sentences using Imputation of Missing Sentiment (IMS) mechanism which plays a vital role in generating precise results. The researchers used Fuzzy Logic to find sentiment classes in the review. The results show that the mechanism is viable to extract opinions in an efficient manner.
Intermittency in the wind turbine generator (WTG) output power is affecting the microgrid parameters significantly, principally on the frequency of the microgrid (MG). As a result, MG experiences large frequency excursions and becomes unstable. Considering this as problem, this paper introduces a novel control strategy for WTG output power to mitigate the frequency excursions in the wind-diesel autonomous MG. In the proposed method, a conventional fixed wind power command is replaced by an optimum adaptive wind power command based on power system condition. To perform this task, fuzzy logic approach is employed by considering frequency deviation and wind velocity as inputs and change in power as output. A real time wind-diesel hybrid model is considered as test system to examine the proposed strategy. The dynamic model is developed in MATLAB and, the superiority of proposed approach in mitigating the frequency deviation is alleviated by comparing with constant wind power command based WTG.
The typical performance of the fuel cell based systems varies greatly with its operating conditions, thereby necessitating the inevitable inclusion of maximum efficiency point tracking controllers. In context, the aim of this research work is to design and investigate the performance of the Fuzzy Logic Controller to track the maximum efficiency point region. This technique is implemented on a real-time small-scale fuel cell emulator based test bench. The experimental results demonstrate the validity of the Fuzzy Logic Controller algorithm in rapid tracking of the maximum efficiency point. However, parameterization of membership functions requires a thorough knowledge of the system. Furthermore, the response remains oscillating around maximum efficiency point, which can degrade the fuel cell. The outcomes of this study testify the applicability of Fuzzy Logic Controller based maximum efficiency point tracking controller on a real fuel cell system.
Wearable body area networks (BANs) have been widely used in activity measurements for kinematic information collection. This paper presents the design and implementation of a wearable device used as a training tool in freestyle swimming. The device supplies a close-loop control mechanism via a fuzzy logic controller. Swimming posture data is collected quantitatively and audibly fed back to swimmers in real time through bone conductors. Two recreational swimmers were invited to participate in a series of experiments including 7 days of baseline capability test (no feedback), 7 days of feedback training, and 2 days of retention test. It was found that both swimmers could well adapt to the feedback instructions. A maximum of 7.62% of lap time improvement and 29.64% of trunk roll improvement were observed in FB training, and such pattern was maintained after feedback was removed. We conclude that real-time fuzzy logic feedback can be used to improve recreational swimmers performance.
To extract maximum power from the solar PV system, various maximum power tracking techniques have been developed and tested. This paper presents a smart method for maximum power tracking based on fuzzy logic controller. The proposed system is simulated in MATLAB simulink. Single phase dual stage grid tied solar inverter topology is considered for simulation. Fuzzy logic based Maximum Power Point Tracking) MPPT algorithm is compared with the conventional MPPT (Incremental conductance plus Integral regular) algorithm. Comparative analysis using simulation results are presented. Simulation results show that the fuzzy logic based MPPT algorithm performs better compared to the conventional MPPT method.
Progress in micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS) and radio frequency (RF) technology has fostered the development of wireless sensor networks (WSNs). Although WSNs have been successfully applied in built environments, their applications and benefits have not been fully explored in the areas of disaster recovery and rescuing. In this paper, a novel probabilistic fuzzy logic based Range-free localisation algorithm (PFRL) is proposed. The proposed algorithm is compared with other range free localisation algorithms. Simulation results demonstrate the accurate and effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.
As a consequence of recent theoretical advancements in Type-2 (T2) fuzzy logic, applications of T2 Fuzzy Logic Controllers (FLCs) are becoming increasingly popular in various engineering areas. Nevertheless, the qualitative comparison of Type-1 (T1) and T2 FLCs and the assessment of the potential of T2 fuzzy logic can still be considered open questions. Despite this fact, researchers commonly claim superiority of T2 FLC in uncertain conditions based on a very limited exploration of the design parameter space. This manuscript provides a systematic analysis of the uncertainty resiliency of T2 FLC used for position control of parallel delta robot. In order to allow for objective comparison among different T1 and T2 FLCs, the controllers were constructed using a partially-dependent approach. Here, the T2 FLC is created based on an initially optimized T1 FLC. In this, manner the constrained design space allows for its full systematic exploration and analysis. The performance of each controller was evaluated on the real parallel delta robot under various levels of dynamic uncertainty. The experimental results support the theoretical claims about the superiority of T2 FLC. However, it was also demonstrated that there is a clear upper bound on the amount of “type-2 fuzziness” in the controller design, which can result in performance improvement. Exceeding such upper bound leads to performance deterioration.
This paper presents the design and construction of a fuzzy logic based proportional integral derivative (PID) controller for the control of a pulse width modulation (PWM)based dc-dc buck converter working in Continuous Conduction Mode(CCM). The converter operates at a switching frequency of 100 KHz. Computer simulation is done to fuzzify the inputs and their membership functions, express the inference rules linking the input and output variables and defuzzify the output parameter. This approach is simple as no linearized model of the buck converter is required. In the simulation results it is seen that the fuzzy logic based PID control technique provides robust control for non-linear power electronics variable switching structure like the ideal dc-dc buck converter. The practical model of the buck converter is next considered. From extensive experimentations for various parameter set and load disturbances, it is shown that the proposed adaptive Fuzzy logic driven PID controlled buck converter outperforms such non-adaptive PID controlled converters in terms of rise time, settling time and ripple voltage at the output response.
In order to monitor the performance of a supply chain, decision-makers have the habit to use performance indicators. However, the multiplicity of indicators, quantitative ones or qualitative ones, pushes to merge them, to simplify diagnostic and facilitate comparisons. In this work, we propose a new aggregation operator, aiming to fix drawbacks of usual arithmetic means. An extension to fuzzy logic is given.
Wireless sensor networks (WSNs) are consist of hundreds or thousands small nodes called sensors that are connected to each other to do specific tasks. Routing is one of the main operations that nodes are doing in WSN network. Routing consist of selecting the next node by each node in the WSN. A variety of methods is proposed for routing. But in the field of using fuzzy logic approach for flat routing has rarely been studied. Since more than one parameter is considered in selecting the next node, using fuzzy logic will be useful. Our proposed method is a fully distributed method and all operations are done by the nodes. Use of fuzzy logic increases speed, accuracy and power of the routing. Also since the processes are completely local, this structure is very useful for environments that require real-time processing. Evaluations show that our method dramatically increases the network lifetime.
This paper presents the design and simulation of a DC-DC boost converter which uses wind energy as input source. Nowadays, wind is a type of renewable energy that is sustainable and clean compared to other alternative energy. Generally wind in Malaysia blows at variably low speed thus producing variably low input voltage as energy source. DC-DC boost converter can be used to increase the output voltage to a level suitable for domestic use. In this project, a closed-loop DC-DC boost converter circuit was designed and simulated using MATLAB SIMULINK based from a topological circuit. In the simulation, the circuit was tested with different low input voltage values to a setpoint of 240V. In order to improve the output voltage transient response, Fuzzy Logic Controller is designed and implemented at the circuit to set the duty cycle of the switching device for the boost converter. The result has indicated better performance for boost DC-DC converter with FLC controller.